"The time when energy-related carbon emissions come over- whelmingly from developed countries is coming to a close. China will soon overtake the United States as the world’s lead- ing emitter of greenhouse gas emissions. Meanwhile, India also seems to be on track to experience rapid long-term economic expansion. With this growth will surely come continued mas- sive growth in energy demand. This paper explores the dynam- ics of that demand growth for one sector _ residential elec- tricity _ and the realistic potential for coping with it through efficiency. Currently, only 60 % of Indian households use electricity, and 12 % own a refrigerator, but sales of appliances are booming. Air conditioning sales are growing at 20 % per year. This paper forecasts ownership growth of each product using econometric modeling. Products considered explicitly - _ refrigerators, air conditioners, fans, lighting, electronics, and water heating _ account for about 80 % of current household electricity consumption. Using this method, we determine the trend and dynamics of demand growth and its dependence on economic scenarios at a level of detail not accessible by models of a more aggregate na- ture. In addition, we present scenarios for reducing residential consumption through efficiency measures defined at the prod- uct level. The research takes advantage of an analytical frame- work developed by LBNL (BUENAS) which integrates end use technology parameters into demand forecasting and stock ac- counting to produce detailed efficiency scenarios, which allows for a technologically realistic assessment of efficiency opportu- nities specifically in the Indian context. "
"Long term electricity consumption forecasting has been extensively investigated in recent years in different countries due to its economic and social importance. In this context, the long term electricity consumption projections of a country or region are highly relevant for decision-making of companies and organizations operating in any energy system. In this paper, it is proposed a methodology that combines the bottom-up approach with hierarchical linear models for long term electricity consumption fore- casting of a particular industrial sector considering energy efficiency scenarios. In addition, the Bayesian inference is used for model parameter estimation and, enabling the inclusion of uncertainty in the forecasts produced by the model. The model was applied to the Brazilian pulp and paper industry and it was able to capture the trajectory of the real consumption observed during the 2008e2014 period. The model was also used to generate long term point and probability distribution forecasts for the period ranging from 2015 until 2050. "
"Today, electrical energy plays a major role in production and consumption and is of special impor- tance in economic decision-making process. Being aware of electrical energy demand for each period is necessary to correct planning. Therefore, the forecasting of electricity consumption is important among several economic sections. Besides the traditional models, in this paper, we offer a hybrid forecast approach that combines the adaptive wavelet neural network with the ARIMA-GARCH family models and uses the effective exogenous variables on electricity consumption. Based on this approach, two hybrid models are proposed. To assess the ability of the proposed models, we forecasted the daily electricity consumption by the hybrid and benchmark models for 60 days ahead in two separate seasons (summer and winter). The empirical results showed that the proposed models have more prediction accuracy compared with the other benchmark forecast models including neural network, adaptive wavelet neu- ral network, and ARIMAX-GARCH family models. "
"The critical impact of electricity on the quality of human life and the use of all electrical appliances and equipment is in principle self-evident. Nevertheless, governments cannot afford even productivity to consumption. The countries developed many structures to operate and improve the city and industrial electricity consumption and to manage power generation efficiency. Increase in population and the culture of consumption force the governments to raise the price. However, it is difficult to find ways and means to effectively manage trends in public behaviour and to control the harmful action of the population. This process requires knowing the need and consumption of electricity. The article discusses the primary criterion that influences electricity consumption and uses the singular spectrum analysis based on these factors to predict use. Besides, a fuzzy regression model is represented to optimise function. Results of optimisation show a considerable reduction in comparison with SSA forecasting method, indicating the efficiency of the offered method. Eventually results considerably assume that attention to a way of construction and improvements of the culture of use is a priority of the persons making decisions to reduce radical electric consumption in Iran and to become more optimistic concerning management of an electrical network."
"Inability or insufficient access to modern forms of energy is an important issue in development, which makes the notion of energy poverty a widely discussed topic. A consensus has been reached that energy poverty has serious health, education, and other socio-economic impacts for people in a country. However, measurements of energy poverty have generally been absent or inaccurate, especially for developing countries at the micro level. This paper begins with the multidimensional nature of energy poverty and uses household-level survey data in China to construct a quantitative measure of energy poverty, covering both affordability of and accessibility to a broad range of forms of energy. It then builds an econometric model to address empirically how much energy poverty affects health. A statistically significant and robust negative impact on health from energy poverty is confirmed. Our results have important policy relevance in terms of understanding the current status quo of energy poverty in China and its consequences. The concept can also be expanded to investigate similar issues in other developing countries."
"Currently, the combustion of fossil fuels is the major anthropogenic source of CO2 and the main reason for the significant increase in its atmospheric concentration over the past decades. Despite the increase in fossil fuel consumption in recent years, the available re- serves have actually increased, indicating that the use of fossil fuels is limited less by their availability than by the emissions of CO2 associated with their combustion. Energy can be generated from methane without concomitant CO2 emissions by means of a bromination-oxidation (BrOx) cycle. This process comprises two exothermic reaction steps, namely methane bromination and hydrogen bromide oxidation, with a bromine recycle from the latter to the former, that result in an overall exothermic reaction in which methane and oxygen yield water and solid carbon, thus avoiding CO2 production. Thermodynamic and kinetic simulations have been performed that show the feasibility of the BrOx cycle. The influence of temperature, residence time and feed composition on methane bromination reaction was studied and indicates that carbon formation starts at temperatures as low as 500 C for excess methane, while temperatures over 750 C are necessary in order to achieve noticeable carbon formation when working with excess bromine. The composition of the carbon produced has been determined and the mass fraction of bromine-containing by-products has been found to decrease with increasing reaction temperatures."
"The residential sector in Ghana accounts for about 40% of aggregate electricity consumption out of which urban centers contribute 70%. The high weighted share of residential electricity use is attributed to high appliance ownership and use, and other household/building factors. The ability to determine how changes in the pattern of these factors influence electricity demand is critical if efforts to reduce consumption are to be effective. This study combines a residential electricity consumption survey (RECS) with electricity end-use monitoring of 60 households in Tema city Ghana, to yield the first ever comprehensive investigation of city-scale electricity consumption in urban Ghanaian homes. A multiple linear regression analysis is used to identify the most sta- tistically significant indicators of appliance ownership and household electricity consumption. Results indicate that ownership of air conditioner, freezer, fan, refrigerator and television; and changes in socio-economic and building factors such as energy efficiency awareness and practice; income; household size and floor space show high statistical significance, and collectively explain 57% variance in households’ total electricity consumption. The presence of dependent children increases ownership of television, iron, washing machine and small kitchen appliances. This work provides a solid foundation for developing more tailored energy-saving policy interven- tions targeted at households. "
"Due to the limited channel bandwidth or interference signals in the advance metering infrastructures, there are usually some missing or human-revised data among the electricity consumption records of civilian customers. In order to make full use of this kind of records, machine learning techniques are introduced in this paper for electricity consumption sensitivity analysis regarding to the weather features. With the missing and revised records filtered out, each customer would have an individual regression model between weather conditions and the power demand. The importance of variables in the regression model is regarded as the sensitivity to various weather features. Then the abnormal consumption patterns are detected with a typical outlier identification algorithm based on different weather sensitivities among all the customers. The methods used in this paper show good results to identify the abnormal consumption patterns effectively regardless the quality of the original data. "
"A building air conditioning system, which includes electricity sources; an electricity management system; an air conditioner for the building; and a control and management system. The control and management system includes a control box located in the building, the control box including programming keeping the building at a set temperature and to select electricity sources. The system further includes a external aggregator for energy management of a public energy distribution network. The control box has a module for communication with the external aggregator and capable of receiving priority set values from the external aggregator."
"Intelligent Electricity Meters (IEMs) generate a considerable amount of household electricity usage data in- crementally. Obviously, for the clustering task, it is better to incrementally update the new clustering results based on the old data rather than to recluster all the data from scratch. The gradational clustering is an essential way to accommodate the influx of new data seamlessly for accurate analysis. However, given the volume of IEM data and the number of data types involved makes the gradational clustering highly complex. Microsoft Azure provides the processing power necessary to handle gradational clustering analytics. The paper aim is to develop a Distributed Log-likelihood Based Gradational Clustering Algorithm on Microsoft Azure for analysis of IEM data. This research uses the real dataset of Irish households collected by IEMs and related socioeconomic data, in- cluding the geographic information, demographic data. It is visible from the study that algorithmic analysis helps the household customers to monitor and improvise electricity consumption patterns, Utility providers to reduce power outage and avoid capital expenses of building new plants. This research will be extremely useful for maintaining the environment by reducing pollution via carbon production by power plants. "
"Production scheduling represents a significant tool for reducing the cost of electricity bills, flattening the consumption profile, energy conservation, improving the energy efficiency and economic performance, and strengthening competitiveness at small and medium enterprises (SMEs). Considering these aspects, an efficient approach for flattening the electricity consumption profile based on the production scheduling at SMEs was proposed. The optimal solutions were obtained using combinational optimization. The approach was tested at an industrial consumer (a small enterprise in the automobile repair activity domain). The obtained results led at a decrease of peak values of the electricity consumption with 15.87 %. "
"We apply Multi-Scale Integrated Analysis of Societal and Ecosystem Metabolism (MuSIASEM) to the performance of society's energy system, and illustrate our approach with data from the Brazilian oil and natural gas sector. Key features of MuSIASEM include the multi-scale property and use of grammars. The former builds on a dual definition of the energy system: functional components or (sub)sectors are described as aggregate energy flows (extensive variables) using top-down information from statistics, while structural components (plants, technologies) are described as unitary operations (intensive vari- ables). Integrating descriptions, we can scale information across the energy system's complex hierar- chical organization. Use of an energy grammar mandates the pre-analytical definition of accounting categories, primary energy sources and energy carriers; thermal (e.g., fuels) and mechanical energy (e.g., electricity), and a set of expected relations over the different energy forms. Our preliminary analysis shows that MuSIASEM effectively describes the required investment of energy carriers (in quantity and quality) and other production factors, such as labor, in society's energy sector. "
"The accurate prediction of a building’s electricity consumption can provide baselines for energy manage- ment and indicate the building’s energy-saving potential. However, electricity utilization indicators based on the building area are no longer applicable because of the overall increase in the building area per person and occupant energy demand of buildings. To tackle this challenge, the building electricity consumption was split into ‘basic’ and ‘variable’ forms in this study and a two-part building electricity consumption prediction model based on human behav- ior was established. The basic electricity consumption is related to the building area, while the variable electricity consumption is related to the building occupancy. The probability function and Markov model were used to describe the electricity consumption caused by the randomness of occupancy in buildings. The model was validated using three campus buildings. Based on the comparison of the actual electricity bills of the campus buildings with the model prediction results, the model accuracy error is less than 5%. The results show that the building electricity consumption of a building has a growth limit when multiple people share a room, which is related to a person’s initiative or ability to control the electricity use."
"A method of detecting abnormal electricity consumption behavior of low-voltage electricity consumption users based on weekly electricity consumption is proposed. Firstly, features of weekly electricity consumption curve data are extracted from the actual daily consumption data. Fuzzy C-means clustering algorithm is used to classify electricity consumption behavior. Typical weekly electricity consumption characteristic curves of low-voltage power users are obtained, and then low-voltage users with abnormal electricity consumption are marked based on distance. The effectiveness and feasibility of the algorithm are verified by the actual electricity consumption data of 15 stations in Yang-Zhou City. "
"Despite a substantial potential of renewable energy sources, the current energy supply system in Iran relies almost entirely on fossil fuel resources. It has imposed significant financial burden on the country and has led to considerable GHG emissions. Moreover, the country is confronting several challenges for harnessing alternative clean energy sources and promoting rational energy policies over the recent decades. To probe the root cause of these problems, this paper first provides an overview on the previous energy planning attempts in Iran. It shows that adequate commitment to a long-term energy planning could have meaningfully prevented these serious challenges. However, the previous studies have had some limitations in terms of employing appropriate planning tools, comprehensive evaluations, and scenarios definition and ranking. This paper thus proposes a power planning framework to assess the sustainability of future electricity scenarios for the period 2015_2050. MESSAGE, a systems engineering optimization model, is employed to evaluate the potential impacts of transi- tioning to a low-carbon electricity supply system. Using a combined AHP-TOPSIS method, the scenarios are then ranked based on 18 different techno-economic, environmental, and social dimensions of sustainability. The results indicate that scenario Cl_32, in which the share of non-hydro clean energy for electricity generation reaches 32%, is ranked best. "
"The growth situation of emerging industries and new kinetic energy can be reflected by improving the statistical system of the “three new” industries. New ideas for the study of the ""three new"" industries are provided by the statistical analysis based on power big data. This paper studied the power big data of 2,084 ""new industry"" enterprises in Fujian province from 2014 to 2018. The research is divided into ""new industry"" electricity consumption analysis and ""new industry"" kinetic energy index research. First, the analysis is made for development trend, proportion, seasonal trend, different region and industry’s electricity characteristics of the electricity consumption in new industries. Second, the indicator system of ""new industry"" in Fujian is constructed. The results showed that,"" new industries"" are booming in Fujian province, but the momentum for development has weakened in 2018. "
"Electricity consumption accounts for a significant portion of final energy consumption in countries worldwide and has a close relationship with economic growth. This paper explores the factors influ- encing electricity consumption in China during 1990e2016 using index decomposition analysis, and analyses the decoupling status between economic growth and electricity consumption, in addition to the influencing factors. These analyses are conducted at both national and sectoral levels. The results reveal that: (1) The economic activity effect was the main driving force increasing total electricity consumption in China, while the energy intensity effect hindered it. (2) Both diversity and aggregation existed at the sector level. The power generation, chemicals, and non-ferrous sectors were the top three contributors to increased electricity consumption. (3) The change of electricity consumption caused by GDP growth in China showed three decoupling states during 1990e2016: expansive negative decoupling, expansive coupling and weak decoupling. In particular, the energy intensity effect stimulated the occurrence of decoupling. (4) Industrial sectors played a significant role in decoupling in China, while service sectoral electricity consumption showed expansive coupling with its sectoral GDP in recent years. "
"With the development of urbanization, the energy consumption of residential buildings is growing rapidly. Previous researches mainly focus on the daily profile of residential electricity consumption, while monthly electricity consumption profile is essential for the design and optimization of power system and energy storage system. With the advancement of smart meters as well as mass data storage and transfer techniques, the availability of building energy data is growing rapidly. Thus, data mining methods are becoming possible and effective in the analysis of monthly electricity consumption in residential buildings. This paper first reviews the current research of monthly energy consumption profiles in residential buildings, then proposes a new stochastic distribution method based on data-driven models. A case study of Jiangsu residential building electricity consumption is conducted to illustrate and verify the application of this method. Finally, this paper discussed the future promotion of this method and possible perspective of monthly energy profiles. "
"This letter proposes a novel demurrage mechanism for blockchain electricity marketplaces, whereby the redemptive value of energy-backed tokens declines with time. This mecha- nism is intended to reward organic price-responsive load shifting by incentivising the consumption of electricity when it is locally abundant. To demonstrate how such a demurrage mechanism might function in practice, this letter describes a mixed comple- mentarity model of a notional token marketplace. These market simulations indicate that, in equilibrium and with rational actors, the demurrage mechanism creates price signals that temporally align the production and consumption of electricity. "
"The Canary Islands is a European archipelago whose principal economic activity is international tourism. Due to its geographic isolation, it does not have any connection with continental electricity grids. The Spanish state subsidises the extra cost of electrical energy generation in isolated systems. The purpose of this study is to quantify the proportion of the electricity bill that corresponds to tourist activity that is being subsidised. With this aim, three complementary methodologies have been developed. These tools could also be used in similar environments. The results reveal an average tourist sector consumption in the study years (2014_2017) between 12.8% and 16.5% of the total amount of electricity generated in the archipelago, with a monetary value of Spanish state subsidy estimated in _143.5 M in the year 2014. Additionally, a calculation was made of the values of CO2 emissions due to tourist electricity consumption for the years of the study period, with an estimated peak of 1.1 MtCO2 in 2017. From the point of view of energy policy, these results could be used to justify the adoption of various types of compensatory measures, including ecotaxes to be paid by the tourist visitor. "
"Estimating the impact of climate change on energy use across the globe is essential for analysis of both mitigation and adapta- tion policies. Yet existing empirical estimates are concentrated in Western countries, especially the United States. We use daily data on household electricity consumption to estimate how electricity consumption would change in Shanghai in the context of climate change. For colder days <7 _C, a 1 _C increase in daily temper- ature reduces electricity consumption by 2.8%. On warm days >25 _C, a 1 _C increase in daily temperatures leads to a 14.5% increase in electricity consumption. As income increases, house- holds’ weather sensitivity remains the same for hotter days in the summer but increases during the winter. We use this estimated behavior in conjunction with a collection of downscaled global climate models (GCMs) to construct a relationship between future annual global mean surface temperature (GMST) changes and annual residential electricity consumption. We find that annual electricity consumption increases by 9.2% per +1 _C in annual GMST. In comparison, annual peak electricity use increases by as much as 36.1% per +1 _C in annual GMST. Although most accurate for Shanghai, our findings could be most credibly extended to the urban areas in the Yangtze River Delta, covering roughly one-fifth of China’s urban population and one-fourth of the gross domestic product. "
"China has two choices to meet the gap between its gas demand and supply in the short term: coal-based synthetic natural gas and imported natural gas. China currently faces the following question: between coal-based synthetic natural gas and imported natural gas, which is the better choice for China? To provide a reference for policy makers and investors, this paper compares the energy efficiency of the Datang coal gasification project, which is the first demonstration project in China, with that of imported natural gas by an energy return on investment analysis. The results show that when the environmental inputs are not considered, the energy return on investment values of coal-based synthetic natural gas with different boundaries range from 1.7:1 to 6.9:1. The values of the total imported natural gas decreased from 14.5:1 in 2009 to 7.5:1 in 2014 and then increased to 9.2:1 in 2015. When the envi- ronmental inputs are considered, the energy return on investment values of coal-based synthetic natural gas and that of imported natural gas decrease to 1.4:1e3.4:1 and 5.9:1e9.6:1, respectively. Regardless of whether the environmental inputs are considered, imported natural gas generally has a better energy return on investment than coal-based synthetic natural gas. These results suggest that from a net energy perspective, policy makers and investors should encourage to import more natural gas and be prudent about developing the coal gasification industry. "
"In the present paper, a novel system based on LNG (liquefied natural gas) cold energy utilization was proposed to capture CO2 in the exhaust gas discharged from the magnesite processing industry located in Liaoning Province (China). The system also combined with a twin-stage ORC (organic Rankine cycle) power generation sub-system using LNG as heat sink and exhaust gas as heat source. Based on the exergy analysis method, the LNG regasification pressure and the CO2 capture pressure were investigated as the key operation parameters to find the suitable working conditions of the system. The results show that, in Liaoning Province, the amount of LNG cold energy received at Xianrendao Port can theoretically afford to capture CO2 in the exhaust gas from the magnesite processing industry at Dashiqiao Area. In addition, when the LNG regasification pressure and the CO2 capture pressure is respectively set as 1.0 MPa and 0.15 MPa, the system can reach exergy efficiency of 0.57 and provide 119.42 kW electric power and 0.75 t liquid CO2 per ton LNG. For downstream utilization of CO2, a CO2 utilization sub-system was proposed. It integrates Rankine cycle, water electrolysis and carbon dioxide hydrogenation for methanol production by solar energy and liquefied CO2 cold energy utilization. "
"Many strategies for reducing residential energy consumption—including product labelling programs, subsidies for the purchase of efficient devices, behavioral programs that encourage efficient energy use, and others—rely on building owners and end users to make informed investment and operational decisions. These strategies may be ineffective if consumers are unaware of how much electricity is used by different devices in their homes and buildings. This study therefore compares consumers’ perceptions of their appliances’ electricity use to these appliances’ actual direct-metered electricity consumption. Using an online survey, 118 homeowners from Austin, Texas were asked to estimate the energy consumption of six household devices which were monitored in the participants’ homes. Homeowners were randomly assigned to assess their appliance-specific electricity use in terms of energy units (kWh/month) or energy cost units ($/month) for an average summer month. Consistent with previous studies, participants overestimated the energy consumed by their low energy consuming devices and slightly underestimated that of their most energy-consuming device. Results also showed that responses of the experimental groups estimating their consumption in energy units and energy cost units were similar, the accuracy of the two groups’ perceptions was similar, and levels of confidence in the two groups were similar. These results suggest that targeted information campaigns focused on air conditioning energy consumption and device power reduction opportunities could improve consumer decision-making to save energy and reduce demand. "
"Pipeline companies deploy a series of pipeline resource optimal configurations and efficiency enhancement strategies with the purpose of improving financial benefits. Thus far, pipeline owners and stakeholders have usually focused on efficiency evaluation processes based on the technological aspects of transmission. In this context, here we derive a pipeline efficiency evaluation method from the perspective of the pipeline energy inputeoutput by monitoring the energy and transmission amount changes along the pipeline. The parameter of volumetric work, which is defined as the energy con- sumption required for transporting a certain amount of gas over a certain distance along the pipeline, measures the energy change except for the intrinsic energy and mechanical pressure energy. With no distribution stations being taken into consideration, the gas amount change due to the pipeline's self- energy consumption is regarded as the equivalent fuel gas while also considering the volumetric work change caused by gas consumption. Upon accounting for all factors via volumetric work and pressure energy, we utilise the inputeoutput variation to develop a data envelopment analysis (DEA) model, which affords the relative efficiency via calculation and evaluation of the operating efficiency of the pipeline and related facilities. Subsequently, analytic hierarchy process (AHP) is introduced to determine the impact from different facilities. Our result, which presents the difference between the ideal objective efficiency and current efficiency based on the measured volumetric work can aid in identifying the most efficient situation. Here, we note that owing to factors such as the inlet pressure and equipment configuration, the first station usually exhibits lower efficiency than the other stations. In terms of energy for the whole pipeline, the efficiency (unit consumption) grows in inverse proportion to the transmission amount. In the final phase of the study, we consider an actual pipeline case study in our analysis and verify the practical utility of this method. Our results also indicate that the transmission efficiency and economic efficiency exhibit a trade-off relationship. "
"In this research, energy level based exergoeconomic evaluations are performed for a novel biomass and natural gas fired polygeneration system of electricity, hot water, chilled water and hydrogen production. The proposed system mainly consists of a biomass gasifier, a proton exchange membrane (PEM) electrolyzer, a gas turbine cycle (GT), an absorption chiller, and a ground source heat pump cycle. Conventional and energy level based exergoeconomic performances of the proposed system are compared; related exergy and economic analysis are also performed. In addition, the variations in unit exergy cost of products (electricity, hot water, chilled water and hydrogen) are studied under economic factors. The results show that energy and exergy efficiency of the electrolyzer and the proposed system decrease with the increasing current density of the PEM electrolyzer. The unit exergy cost of electricity and hydrogen are 5.24 $/GJ and 20.41 $/GJ under the energy level based ex- ergoeconomic method, respectively, which are higher than that under the conventional exergoeconomic method (electricity: 4.38 $/GJ, hydrogen: 19.00 $/GJ), while the unit exergy cost of hot water and chilled water under the energy level based exergoeconomic method are lower than that under the conventional exergoeconomic method. Moreover, the exergoeconomic factor and relative cost difference of the system equipment also show distinctions under the conventional and energy level based exergoeconomic methods. The presented poly- generation system is a promising technology to utilize renewable energy and improve the flexibility of the integrated system; and the energy level based exergoeconomic method shows certain rationality and feasibility in the system analysis. "
"The electricity consumption optimization and the advanced tariff schemes are some of the key factors in the demand response programs, which target several aspects such as the minimization of the consumption peak, a reduced electricity bill, the reduction of the consumption, etc. By various incentives, the electricity consumers become more and more active, thus being able to change their consumption behavior as a consequence of the tremendous progress of IT&C and sensor technologies. In this paper, we propose four novel algorithms that are able to minimize the consumption peak for eleven complex smart homes with over three hundred appliances and eight roof-PhotoVoltaic (PV) systems connected to the Internet and smart meters which allow different re- solutions for the consumption records. The four algorithms are executed in parallel and the best option is chosen for the day-ahead electricity consumption optimization, while the electricity generated by the PV systems is shared at the community level, further improving the results of the optimization algorithms. In addition, several Time-of-Use (ToU) tariffs are implemented to assess the electricity payment and verify the efficiency of the proposed algorithms. "
"We examine policy instruments that aim to decarbonize electricity produc- tion by replacing fossil fuel energy with intermittent renewable sources, namely, wind and solar power. We consider a model of investment, production, and storage with two sources of energy: one is clean but intermittent (wind or solar), whereas the other one is reliable but polluting (thermal power). We first determine the first-best energy mix depending on the social cost of polluting emissions. We then show that, to im- plement the socially efficient energy mix without a carbon tax, feed-in tariffs and re- newable portfolio standards must be complemented with a price cap and volume- limited capacity payments. "
"Nowadays, environmental issues and the energy crisis are among the most important challenges to researchers. The necessity of increasing the energy efficiency of industrial processes is vital. If this efficiency increase is additionally done by using sustainable components, environmental issues are also alleviated. Deep eutectic solvents (DESs) are a new generation of green solvents with unique properties. This has led to the exponential growth of research in the field, oriented towards green chemistry and green processing. This study investigates the feasibility of utilizing DESs in the petroleum industries by considering the case study of capturing CO2 from natural gas, resulting in a purified gas with greater heating value. The idea is to utilize the DES as an absorbent, in place of the conventional Selexol. The pressure swing absorption process was simulated for two different DES, namely Reline and Glyceline. The purity of the methane stream was 89.1% when using Selexol, and 90.1% and 79.6% for Reline and Glyceline, respectively. The carbon dioxide stream showed even greater purity differences when DESs were used (98.3%, 98.4% and 94.9% CO2 when using Reline, Glyceline, and Selexol, respectively). Furthermore, energy and exergy analyses were carried out on the proposed plants. While the overall duties were less for the plants using DESs (_51.27, _11.13, and 15.17 and kW for Reline, Glyceline, and Selexol, respec- tively), the exergy destructions were not (146.78, 165.64, 96.54 kW for Reline, Glyceline, and Selexol, respec- tively). The results indicated the feasibility of using DESs as potential physical solvents in such industries. "
"In deepwaters offshore oil-gas rigs, centrifugal compressor trains are major power consumers, requiring inter- coolers conventionally designed assuming surface seawater for primary cooling, limiting compressor inlet gas temperatures to 40 °C at tropical sites. On the other hand, at tropical deepwaters the available deep seawater at 4 °C can be exploited to reduce compression power _ nearly proportional to inlet gas absolute temperature _ entailing energy, economic and environmental benefits. This work considers a new primary cooling for deep- waters offshore platforms based on deep seawater (DSW) intake at 4 °C from depths around 900 m, reducing the outlet temperature of intercoolers to 12 °C. DSW intake alternative is assessed in terms of power consumption, CO2 emissions and economy employing detailed equipment sizing and cost estimation. Depending on gas flow rate, it is shown that DSW intake lowers compressors power up to 9.2%, besides several indirect benefits: elimination of one CO2 compressor; 30% less heat transfer areas; 4.5% less fuel gas consumption; 4% less gas turbines power; 9.5% (15 MMUS$) less investment; 14.4% (226t) less topside weight, while making re- frigeration unnecessary for dew point adjustment. DSW intake also entails 5% more efficient energy usage and 9327 tCO2/y less emissions, boosting economic performance under carbon taxation. "
"Over a billion people do not have electricity in their homes and whether electricity spreads across the developing world hinges on household willingness to pay for it. Our surveys, conducted in 100 villages in India’s poorest state, uncover innovations in off-grid solar technologies and government-led grid expansions which imply that households face a growing choice set on where to source electricity from. The main contribution of this paper is to create a demand system founded upon experimental variation in solar prices that allows us to assess household willingness to pay for different sources of electricity. This reveals two key insights. The first is that though off-grid solar is valuable to unelectrified households it is largely a stop-gap with households preferring the grid when that becomes available. The second is that extending the grid to all consumers necessitates rationing and disadvantages off-grid solar whereas raising prices or removing theft limits grid access and advantages off-grid solar. Our paper demonstrates that these trade-offs will be central to electricity policy in poor economies. "
"Technological progress is an effective way to improve electricity efficiency. Due to the existence of the rebound effect, it is of great significance to optimize the technical power saving policy by examining the rebound effect caused by different technological progress paths.Based on the panel data of electricity industry in 30 provinces of China from 1997 to 2013, this paper systematically examines the rebound effects of electricity consumption under the two sources of technological progress, namely independent innovation and technology import. Then, it discusses the impact of coal-electricity linkage policy. The empirical results are as follows: (1) without consid- ering rebound effect, independent innovation significantly promotes electricity conservation, while the effects of technology import is not obvious; (2) when considering the rebound effect, electricity price declining driven by independent innovation is not conducive to electricity saving, while electricity price declining driven by tech- nology import has an electricity-saving effect; (3)The coal-electricity linkage policy that began in 2004 not only reduced the rebound effect by increasing the flexibility of electricity prices to a certain extent and improved the electricity-saving effect of independent innovation, but also reduced the electricity-saving effect of technology import. "
"Though the development of renewable energy is rapid, innovation in renewable energy technologies is relatively weak due to the late commencement of renewable energy in China. In addition, renewable energy is mainly introduced into the supply mix of electricity generation, which increases the costs of electricity generation. Higher electricity price will make renewable energy more competitive and call forth renewable energy techno- logical innovation. Based on FMOLS and DOLS models, as well as PMG model, this paper investigates the induced long and short run effects of electricity price, funding support, and economic growth on innovation in renewable energy technologies at the provincial level in China during the period 2006_2016. The Conclusions drawn were: (1) R&D expenditure and economic growth have positive impacts on innovation in renewable energy technolo- gies in the long and short run; (2) Electricity price only has a long run effect on patenting in renewable energy technologies; (3) In the long run, a 1% increase in electricity price can lead to a 0.7825%_1.0952% increase in the patent counts of renewable energy technologies; (4) Electricity pricing system in China does not play any role in driving renewable energy technological innovation in the short run. "
"Studies have shown that industrial structure (IS) adjustment, climate factors, energy intensity, etc. factors are the reasons causing the deviation between the growth rate of industrial value added (IVA) and electricity consumption of industry (Ele) in China. However, no one researches whether line loss (LL), calculated in industrial electricity con- sumption in China, is one of the reasons contributing to the deviation. In order to thor- oughly figure out what is the cause of the deviation, theoretical method, correlation analy- sis, autoregressive distributed lag (ARDL) model and an error correction model (ECM) have been undertaken in the paper. Experimental results are as follows: (1) LL fluctuates violently in accordance with temperature, while IVA is not; (2) the correlation between IVA and Ele becomes stronger, if LL is eliminated from Ele; (3) both in the long-run and short-run equation of ARDL model, IS is the first driver of Ele, followed by LL and IVA; (4) compared with International Energy Agency and based on the experimental results, the practice statistics of LL in Ele is not reasonable in China; (6) policies for promoting the upgrading of the internal industrial structure and for improving the statistical method of electricity consumption in China are proposed, finally. "
"The addition of thermal energy storage and natural gas as a complementary energy source improves the flexibility, reliability, and value of concentrated solar power (CSP) plants. Nevertheless, due to the transient nature of solar energy, transitions from solar-only mode and natural-gas mode to hybrid solar- natural gas mode is quite challenging, especially when the plant is equipped with thermal storage. Thus, it is important to develop proper dynamic modeling and control schemes to accurately simulate such transitions. The objective of this study is to address this subject by demonstrating a dynamic model with reliable control schemes for a highly integrated hybrid parabolic trough-natural gas plant equipped with thermal energy storage. The specific goal is to study the dynamics of adding thermal storage to the hybrid plant. It is found that the developed control schemes assist smooth transitions between different operational modes and effective utilization of thermal storage and natural gas to maintain steady power production and steam mass flow rates under different solar conditions. The results demonstrate that the integration of storage regulates power production by solar energy and natural gas during the day time. It also enables an increase in the solar fraction of the hybrid plant while it causes a small decrease in thermodynamic efficiency. The analysis shows that the hybrid plant with the storage has a substantially lower specific CO2 emission (0.320 tonne/MWh) than single natural gas plant (0.413 tonne/MWh) although it has a higher levelized cost of electricity ($86.32/MWh against $74.92/MWh). The hybrid plant with storage demonstrates a promising potential for reliable and clean production of electricity, although research and development should be conducted to lower its cost. "
"Monitoring electricity consumption has a key role in reducing energy consumption. This monitoring can be frequent (several times per week) or continuous. Recent studies showed that such monitoring can reduce residential energy consumption by as much as 15%. The development of energy management systems in the monitoring systems and intelligent energy meters have been going for a while. In this paper, we will present a new electricity monitoring device called ”E-ring”. E-ring is a non-invasive tool mainly made from a current transformer clamp meter that clamps to the main electricity cables of the user’s home and measures the electrical consumption and sends the measured data to an online server and then makes it accessible from the user’s mobile phone using a specially- developed mobile application. It has many advantages such as low data rate, low price, and real-time access to the consumption data and simultaneously calculate the estimated price for the household/industrial electricity bill with a tolerance of around 2%. "
"Anaerobic Digestion (AD) is a well-developed sustainable technology to convert organic waste streams and energy crops to produce renewable gaseous biofuels, while recycling nutrients and mitigating greenhouse gas emissions. In this study, the environmental and economic impacts of an integrated-state AD technology (i-AD) producing Compressed Natural Gas (noted as BioCNG) were investigated from dairy-manure, food-wastes, and miscanthus biomass feedstocks, and compared with that of stand-alone liquid-state (LS-AD) and solid-state (SS- AD) AD technologies. A coupled life-cycle assessment and techno-economic analysis (LCA_TEA) approach was used to estimate the Global Warming Potential (GWP) and the Minimum Selling Price (MSP) of BioCNG _ a renewable alternative to fossil-CNG. The results illustrated that the Fossil Energy Ratios (FERs) for BioCNG were between 2.3 and 3.3 in the increasing order as LS_AD < i_AD < SS_AD. The life-cycle GWPs to produce BioCNG via LS_AD, SS_AD, and i_AD were _5.1, _15.1, and _12.0 kgCO2eq/GGE (Gasoline-Gallon-Equivalent) re- spectively. The MSP of BioCNG (without incentives) via LS_AD ($2.9/GGE) was lower than that of both SS_AD ($4.1/GGE) and i_AD ($4.9/GGE). When the tipping-fee ($44/Mg), RIN(Renewable Index Number)-credit ($0.46/RIN), and carbon-credit($13.6/MgCO2eq) were considered, the MSP of BioCNG dropped by up to 70%, 45%, and 25% for LS_AD, SS_AD, and i_AD, respectively. Fungal-pretreatment of miscanthus had negligible impacts on the environmental and economic performances of BioCNG. Backhauling of solid-digestate for mis- canthus cultivation may reduce the MSP, energy usage, and GWP by up-to 5%, 16%, and 7%, respectively. The commercial production of BioCNG from energy crops can potentially be competitive at a higher BioCNG market price or with favorable energy policies, financial support, and tax-benefits. "
"The aim of this study is to assess the effect of renewable energy sector development on the relationships between electricity consumption and economic growth in the European Union countries in the period between 1995 and 2015. A panel vector autoregressive model is used for testing Granger causality and estimating impulse-response functions. The results indicate that the relationships between economic growth and electricity consumption depend on the level of renewable energy sector development. The greater the share of the renewable energy sector in the economy is, the more noticeable the mutual dependence between the economic growth and re- newable electricity consumption is. In countries with relatively well-developed renewable energy sectors re- newable electricity consumption boosts the economy and vice versa. In the remaining countries economic growth and electricity consumption are independent. Empirical findings suggest that policymakers should de- velop strategies to implement clean energy policy aimed at stimulating the development of the renewable energy sector to support economic growth. "
"This paper summarizes the arguments and counterarguments within the scientific discussion on the impact of electricity consumption in developing country especially in the Republic of Benin. The main purpose of the research is to examine the causal relationship between electricity consumption and economic growth in the Republic of Benin over the period 1971-2014. Systematization literary sources and approaches for solving the problem using Stationary test, the Johansen co-integration test, the vector autoregressive (VAR) model, and Granger causality test were used as econometric approach. The relevance of the decision of this scientific problem is that the electricity consumption may growth the Economy of the country. Methodological tools of the research methods were the results of 43 years of research on modeling. The object of research is to examine the impact of the electricity consumption in the economy growth in the Republic of Benin. The research empirically confirms and theoretically proves that there is bidirectional causality running from electricity con- sumption and economic growth. the government to invest more in energy to attract more foreign investors to boost the economy and to alleviate the poverty through reducing unemployment rate. In addition the causal relationship between energy consump- tion and economic growth in theRepublic of Benin represents a wildly studied topic in energy eco- nomic literature. Energy play a crucial role in the economics of the both developed and developing countries. The growth hypothesis suggest that energy consumption is an indispensable component in growth, directly and directly as complement to capital and labor as an input in the production process. "
"The current study revisits the dynamic relationship between electricity consumption, real gross domestic product per capita and carbon dioxide emissions in Nigeria. To do this, we adopt the Zivot-Andrews (1992) unit root test to ascertain the stationarity properties of the interest variables. Maki (2012) cointegration test which accounts for multiple structural breaks is used for long-run equilibrium relationship between the variables while the long run regressions of dynamic ordinary least square (DOLS) and fully modified ordinary least square (FMOLS) for long-run coefficients as estimation techniques. The direction of causality is detected via the Toda-Yamamoto (1995) causality test for annual time series data from 1971_2014. Empirical evidence shows there exists a long-run equilibrium relationship between electricity consumption, real gross domestic product per capita and carbon dioxide emissions. The long-run regression suggests statistical significant and positive relationship between economic growth and electricity consumption. Thus, validating the electricity-induced growth hypothesis for Nigeria. According to the Toda-Yamamoto (1995) causality test, one-way causality is observed from electricity consumption to economic growth. This is in line with apriori expectation. However, there is an environmental implication of our study findings as electricity consumption spur increases carbon dioxide emissions. It is on the above premise that the study calls for diversification of Nigeria’s energy portfolio to cleaner/environmental friendly sources like renewables. "
"China’s growing electricity consumption has become an important factor to improving socio-economic development, as well as aggravating environmental degradation. Based on the provincial level data in China for the entire period and every five years during 2000_2015, this paper used a spatial shift-share analysis (SSS) to detect the driving factors of electricity consumption changes in China, mainly focusing on the spatial spillover effects of electricity consumption which have been ignored by previous literature. Results show that economic growth and industry structure change have increased China’s electricity consumption by 8919 and 746 billion kWh, respectively, while the electricity efficiency improvement has reduced China’s electricity consumption by 5337 billion kWh for the entire period. Among the total decrease in China’s electricity consumption caused by electricity efficiency improvement, about 20% is caused by spatial spillover effects, which cannot be ignored. Moreover, there are great differences in electricity consumption changes’ components across China’s provinces. The results provide a quantitative and better understanding of the determinants of China’s electricity consumption changes, and practical implications for differentiated electricity consumption regulation policies and regional energy cooperation strategies for China, as well as for other similar countries. "
"The electricity consumption forecasting (ECF) technology plays a crucial role in the electricity market. The support vector regression (SVR) is a nonlinear prediction model that can be used for ECF. The electricity consumption (EC) data are usually nonlinear and non-Gaussian and present outliers. The traditional SVR with the mean-square error (MSE), however, is insensitive to outliers and cannot correctly represent the statistical information of errors in non-Gaussian situations. To address this problem, a novel robust forecasting method is developed in this work by using the mixture maximum correntropy criterion (MMCC). The MMCC, as a novel cost function of information theoretic, can be used to solve non-Gaussian signal processing; therefore, in the original SVR, the MSE is replaced by the MMCC to develop a novel robust SVR method (called MMCCSVR) for ECF. Besides, the factors influencing users’ EC are investigated by a data statistical analysis method. We find that the historical temperature and historical EC are the main factors affecting future EC, and thus these two factors are used as the input in the proposed model. Finally, real EC data from a shopping mall in Guangzhou, China, are utilized to test the proposed ECF method. The forecasting results show that the proposed ECF method can effectively improve the accuracy of ECF compared with the traditional SVR and other forecasting algorithms. "
"The electricity consumption forecasting is a challenging task, because the predictive accuracy is easily affected by multiple external factors, such as society, economics, environment, as well as the renewable energy, including hydro power, wind power and solar power. Particularly, in the smart grid with large amount of data, how to extract valuable information of those external factors timely is the key to the success of electricity consumption forecasting. A method of probability density forecasting based on Least Absolute Shrinkage and Selection Operator-Quantile Regression Neural Network (LASSO-QRNN) is proposed in this paper. First, important fea- tures are extracted from external factors affecting the electricity consumption forecasting by LASSO regression. Then, the LASSO-QRNN model is constructed to predict annual electricity consumption. The results of electricity consumption forecasting under different quantiles in the next several years are evaluated. Besides, we introduce kernel density estimation into our LASSO-QRNN model, which can give a probability distribution instead of a single-valued prediction. The prediction accuracy is evaluated through the empirical analyses from the Guangdong province dataset in China and the California dataset in the United States. The simulation results demonstrate that the proposed method provides better performance for electricity consumption forecasting, in comparison with existing quantile regression neural network (QRNN), back-propagation of errors neural net- work (BP), radial basis function neural network (RBF), quantile regression (QR) and nonlinear quantile re- gression (NLQR). LASSO-QRNN can not only better learn the high-dimensional data in electricity consumption forecasting, but also provide more precise results. "
"This paper investigates the relationship between electricity consumption, carbon emissions and economic growth in Cameroon during the period 1971-2014. Results from autoregressive distributed lag bounds test, confirms a positive and significant short-run as well as a long-run relationship between CO2 emissions and economic growth. Prior to the application of Toda and Yamamoto Granger causality test, the results reveal a unidirectional causality running from CO2 emissions to economic growth. Furthermore, the environmental Kuznets curve hypothesis shows existence of an inverted U-shaped curve relating carbon emissions rise to the continuous economic evolvement in Cameroon. However, a neutrality hypothesis holds between electricity consumption and economic growth for the period under study. The government energy policy regulations should, hereby be geared at reducing greenhouse gas emissions from thermal power plants by boosting the evolution of other sources of renewable energy, which will lead to the amelioration of electricity access rates in the country. "
"With the increased use of renewable energy, energy storage technologies are becoming increasingly important. One such technology is Power-to-Gas, which can provide seasonal energy storage by utilizing both the electrical and natural gas infrastructures through injecting hydrogen into existing gas infra- structure to create Underground Storage of Hydrogen and Natural Gas (UHNG). The hydrogen is recov- ered from the mixture as needed for industry or transportation applications, converted to electricity to meet power demand, or kept as a mixture of hydrogen-enriched natural gas to serve gas demand. Large scale energy storage is desirable to energy generation operators for its ability to manage excess base load energy, integrate renewable energy into the grid and provide long term energy storage. The authors investigate the financial and environmental performance of specific scenarios of UHNG produced by Power-to-Gas through scenario-based simulations in a MATLAB/Simulink for comparative purposes. The simulated scenarios include the injection of hydrogen for long term storage, load shifting, renewable energy integration and supplying a large hydrogen demand. All of these scenarios are compared to a base case which simulates the operations of a conventional underground gas storage facility. The analysis illustrates that existing natural gas storage practices are driven by variations in the demand for natural gas. The most desirable pathway for energy recovery and revenue in this analysis occurs when hydrogen is injected into the reservoir along with natural gas and is distributed to off-site users. "
"Natural gas pressure should be reduced in city gate stations before consuming. Part of the physical exergy of this high pressure gas is wasted if throttling valves are employed for pressure reduction. Reciprocating natural gas expansion engine (RNGEE) could be utilized to recover most of the physical exergy. In this study, a single acting RNGEE is investigated thermodynamically in order to optimize the ports opening/ closing times. For this purpose, cylinder and slide valves and two types of piston valves have been modeled and compared. Based on an exergy analysis, a genetic algorithm has been developed to optimize the valves timing. Moreover, effects of the pressure ratio on the exergetic efficiency and power gener- ation of the RNGEE have been studied numerically. Methane was modeled as a real gas by employing AGA8 equation of state. Results showed that beside importance of exergy efficiency optimization, inlet process period has also critical impacts on engine performance. Moreover, power generation is almost the same while using cylinder or flange valves (~1986 kW/kg) with exergy efficiencies of 83.6% and 82.7% respectively. In contrast, slide and piston valves are found to have lower power generation (1746 kW/kg and 1753 kW/kg respectively) with the exergy efficiency of ~72%. "
"Cryptocurrency is a relatively new combination of cryptology and currency in financial areas and is increasingly frequently used worldwide. Blockchain applications are expected to reshape the renewable energy market. However, there is a lack of studies covering the power usage of digital currencies. Therefore, this study ran experiments on mining efficiency of nine kinds of cryptocurrencies and ten algorithms. A comparison of statistical analysis of data in a benchmark and experiment results of Monero mining was conducted. Thereafter, this study provided an estimation of global electricity consumption of the Monero mining activity. The results indicated that the hashing algorithm mainly determines the mining efficiency. Data analysis and experiments and estimated Monero mining electricity consumption in the world and its carbon emission in China as a case study. In 2018, Monero mining may consume 645.62 GWh of electricity in the world after its hard fork. The Monero mining in China may consume 30.34 GWh and contribute a carbon emission of 19.12e19.42 thousand tons from April to December in 2018. Although cryptocurrency mining and blockchain technology are promising, their influence on energy conversation and sustainable development should be further studied. "
"Currently, different technologies are being employed to remove CO2 and H2S from the natural gas. Based on chemical phenomenon, the absorption using alkanolamines is probably the most extended process for the acid gas removal. However, membrane technologies are considered as an alternative in specific cases for their better performances, cleanness, energy requirements, operative costs and location flexibility. The aim of this article is to estimate, compare and analyze the energy requirements, greenhouse gases (GHG) emissions and investment costs of three Natural Gas Sweetening processes. For the study, a regular process using methyldiethanolamine (MDEA), the absorption process using recompressed vapor and a membrane system were simulated using Aspen Hysys v8.8. For the first case, real data from the gas plant Aguaragu_e (Argentina) was used to validate the model. To establish a proper comparison, a natural gas with 4 mol.% of CO2 is considered as the inlet stream of each configuration. Specifically, compression and pump power, specific total heat, removed CO2, CH4 wastes and capital costs were estimated and compared for each case. Additionally, a discussion including different aspects in regard to the energy efficiency of the processes was conducted. Although the proposed membrane system demonstrated to reduce the energy requirements (77% and 72%) and emissions (80% and 76%) in respect to both absorption processes, the CH4 losses were higher by more than 6 factor. Moreover, the investment cost of the technology is 12% higher than the required capital of a conventional amine process. "
"Emerging economies will account for more than 90% of net energy demand growth to 2035. Although there is international consent about the need for reducing green-house gas (GHG) emissions, reduction targets have been left to governments' responsibility. Such opening lead to different energy policies and approaches among countries, specially comparing developing economies to developed ones. Technology development and new reserves found have set natural gas as the lead resource for transitioning energy mixes to lower carbon levels. However, hydropower has been the main source for the Brazilian electricity grid, and increasing dispatch of natural gas in fact increases GHG, which has been the core of current Brazilian energy policies. We estimated future Brazilian market shares of hydro, thermal, wind and nuclear power, through historical data analysis of power dispatch and installed capacity. The findings propose that current Brazilian administration is creating a new technological path, which will lead far from the desired GHG targets. If actual growth rate of thermal power continues, by the year 2022 thermal plants will be major suppliers of the Brazilian electricity grid, leaving hydro with the second largest market share. Furthermore, we propose several approaches for increasing adoption of renewable distributed generation and the development of other market niches for natural gas in Brazil, as alter- native paths. "
"Natural gas liquefaction cycles require high amounts of shaft power and any effort for decreasing power con- sumption of these cycles is a subject of interest. Among natural gas liquefaction cycles, N2 and N2/CH4 cycles with CO2 pre-cooling are attractive due to their simplicity. The novel work here is that two above cycles are first modified. Then by choosing the ratio of power consumption to the liquefied gas molar flow rate (Specific Energy Consumption, SEC) as the objective function and 13 design parameters for N2-CO2 cycle and 12 design para- meters for N2/CH4-CO2 cycle, these cycles are optimized. Results of the above procedure showed decrease in both SEC and the total annual cost in comparison with those for similar cycles published in open literature. Two modified and optimized N2-CO2 and N2/CH4-CO2 liquefaction cycles showed 5.25% and 3.62% decrease in specific energy consumption and 9.4% and 16% decrease in exergy destruction respectively. The total cost of two above cycles also decreased for 0.5% and 1.2% respectively. "
"Demand response (DR) is a critical enabler for promoting the integration of significant renewable energy sources (RES) into power systems. However, the contribution of each customer to the amount of integrated RES in the entire system cannot be quantified based on current studies, which hinders the deployment and promotion of DR programs. To address this problem, an index to quantitatively evaluate the marginal impact on the amount of integrated RES in the whole system caused by a customer (MIR) was proposed in this paper. The MIR proved to be reasonable for the evaluation of the renewable energy share of a customer’s electricity consumption (RSC). We subsequently proposed an RSC-based DR scheme, in which customers are motivated to individually reshape their load profiles to obtain a higher RSC, which accordingly facilitates integrating RES in the whole system. Optimal load reshaping strategies were derived from a bilevel optimization model, which was converted into a mathematical program with primal and dual constraints (MPPDC). The test system was generated based on the load data from Open Energy Information and RES data from the PJM. We corroborated the RSC evaluation result analytically and numerically. Further tests on the RSC-based DR scheme showed it could help facilitate integrating considerably more RES into the power system. "
"A critical view holds that people’s values are integral to lifestyle choices. This study investigated the effects of these values, energy-attitudes, and cognition on home electricity consumption through a case study on an all-electric apartment with HEMS in Yokohama. The conceptual framework assumed that “socially oriented values are related to factors that form energy-attitudes leading to a higher level of behavioral intentions and actual behaviors (and vice versa)” according to Schwartz’s basic human value theory and several other sociopsychological models. Results suggest the importance of fostering self-transcendent values in linking people’s behavioral intentions to actual actions. This study was one of the first to include people’s values when considering energy-saving lifestyles in Japan. The fact that people’s values have a certain level of influence on energy consumption has implications on future policy. This sheds light on the need for further research in this area, and thus in realizing energy-saving lifestyles. "
"In this study a transcritical Carbon dioxide power cycle has been coupled to a liquefied natural gas to work either as the cold source and to further enhance to generate electricity. The detailed thermody- namic analysis is performed in order to investigate the effect of key parameters on the cycle performance. Also, heat exchangers are measured to find the heat transfer surface area for economic evaluation. To investigate the aforementioned cycle and for optimization purposes, an exergoeconomic analysis is done to know the important components with respect to exergoeconomic criterion. The exergoeconomic anal- ysis reveals that Carbon dioxide turbine and condenser have the highest rate of sum cost rate associated with capital investment and the cost of exergy destruction and special attention should be paid to these components. The parametric analysis shows that there is an optimum turbine inlet pressure which brings about the highest exergy efficiency and lowest product cost rate. Moreover, the condensate pressure has the highest effect on system exergy efficiency compared to others. With the help of multi-objective optimization, the cumulative effects of these variables are investigated on the system to maximize the exergetic efficiency and to minimize the product cost rate of the system. Results show that the system is capable of producing power with exergy efficiency and product cost rate equal to 20.5% and 263592.15 $/year, respectively, according to technique for order of preference by similarity to ideal solu- tion decision making technique. Also, the system exergy efficiency of 22.1% and 295001.26 $/year product cost rate is achieved through linear programming techniques for multidimensional analysis of preference technique and 23.97% exergy efficiency and 370378.758 $/year product cost rate is given with FUZZY decision making technique. "
"In a swirling dynamic interaction, technological changes, environment and anthropological evolution are swiftly shaping the smart grid scenario. Integration is the key word in this emergent picture characterized by a low carbon footprint. Between the wide range of key actions currently pursued by European municipalities, the possibility of harvesting energy from natural gas distribution is being established in this context. Load matching is crucial for local energy exploitation and integration of renewable resources. In this paper, the authors in- troduce a novel management method to increase the flexibility of the energy harvesting process from gas dis- tribution networks. This method, called gas bagging, enables one to shift energy production schedules by properly manipulating the downstream pressure of the pipeline system. The emerging system dynamics in gas bagging must be managed using a proper system control architecture. This is fundamental to avoid system- safety-constraint violations. From a relevant case scenario, the authors demonstrate that the energy load can be totally shifted to night hours without violating system-safety constraints. For this purpose, the implementation of model predictive control has revealed to be a strategic measure. In fact, this ensures safe and cost-effective operations enabling up to a 10% daily operational cost reduction. Results reveal gas bagging to be a strategic tool for energy production flexibility and carbon emission reduction using natural gas distribution networks in- tegrated into a smart grid. "
"Liquid Air Energy Storage (LAES) is one of the most promising energy storage technologies for achieving low carbon emissions. Our research shows that the LAES produces a considerable amount of excess heat that cannot be cost-effectively utilised in a standalone LAES system. On the other hand, the regasification of liquefied natural gas (LNG) often leads to waste of a large amount of high-grade cold energy. Therefore, this paper proposes the integration of the LAES with the LNG regasification process via a Brayton cycle (denoted as LAES-Brayton-LNG), where pressurized propane is used as both the heat transfer fluid and storage material for the LNG cold energy. The excess heat from the LAES works as the heat source and the waste cold from the LNG regasification as the cold source for the Brayton cycle. Such an integrated LAES-Brayton-LNG system does not need to change the existing LAES system configuration, and the LNG regasification process is independent of the LAES system, thus allowing operation flexibilities. Our analyses show that the flexibly integrated LAES-Brayton-LNG system achieves a system exergy efficiency of 57% and could improve the system exergy efficiency of the standalone LAES system by 14.4%. What’s more, it has an electrical round trip efficiency of _70.6%, which is _56.5% higher than that of the standalone LAES system. Hence, the proposed LAES-Brayton-LNG system is comparable with other large scale energy storage technologies in terms of the electrical round trip efficiency. "
"The use of nitrogen (N2) expander-based liquefaction processes is prevalent in offshore sites for the production of floating liquefied natural gas. It is safe, has simple operability, and has portable design with a small deck space requirement. However, the high operating cost that mainly accounts for the shaft work requirement in the compression units of the refrigeration cycle, is still a major ongoing issue associated with nitrogen expander liquefaction processes. This high operating cost increases the total annualized costs of the N2 expander lique- faction technology, and this ultimately reduces its global competitiveness of the process. Recent developments in expansion devices pave the way toward the handling of gas_liquid (two-phase) refrigerant in an isentropic manner instead of an isenthalpic one. This study presents the propane-nitrogen two-phase dual expander li- quefaction process for offshore applications. A bio-inspired strategy named “biogeography” is used to confirm the overall energy savings with minimal total annualized costs. The results show that the proposed liquefaction technology gives 36.6% operating cost savings, and this confirms a 16.5% saving in total annualized costs compared with the conventional nitrogen dual gas-phase expander liquefaction process. This study is an ex- tension of our previous study “Innovative propane-nitrogen two-phase expander refrigeration cycle for energy- efficient and low-global warming potential LNG production”. "
"In the absence of sufficient coverage of metering data on the electricity consumption of individual devices, this paper estimates the contribution of individual appliances to overall household electricity consumption, drawing on the most recent wave of the German Residential Energy Consumption Survey (GRECS). Moving beyond the standard focus of estimating mean effects, we combine the conditional demand approach with quantile re- gression methods to capture the heterogeneity in electricity consumption rates of individual appliances. Our results indicate substantial differences in these rates, as well as the end-use shares across households originating from the opposite tails of the electricity consumption distribution. This outcome highlights the added value of applying quantile regression methods in estimating consumption rates of electric appliances and indicates some scope for realizing conservation potentials. "
"Co-electrolysis of CO2 and H2O in pressurized solid oxide electrolysis cells (SOEC) results in internal methanation when the fuel electrode contains nickel, as nickel catalyzes the methanation reaction. Recent SOEC stack experiments operated at 19 bar and 700  C produced a gas with a methane content of 18 vol% (dry). The exothermic methanation reaction is a perfect match for the endothermic electrolysis reactions, enabling an overall slightly exothermic stack operation at a moderate polarization voltage. When using a pressurized SOEC for biomass syngas upgrading to synthetic natural gas, it is possible to achieve very high energy efficiency because a high share of the exothermic methane formation can occur inside the SOEC. The production of waste heat from the downstream methanation reactor is therefore reduced significantly. In this paper, such an integrated system design is proposed and evaluated by thermodynamic modelling and analysis. The analysis shows that the proposed system can reach 84% energy efficiency from wood pellets and electricity to synthetic natural gas. This is substantially higher than the ~70% efficiency than can be achieved with steam electrolysis based systems. If steam drying is integrated to allow the use of wet wood chips, the efficiency drops to 82%. "
"In recent years, more than half of the household PV systems in Germany were installed with battery storage systems to self-consume a higher share of the elec- tricity produced. This development will have a large impact on the share of energy purchased from the electricity grid and this, in turn, will affect the distribution of the cost components of the household electricity price. This contribution therefore analyzes the impacts of increasing self-generation and self-consumption on the electricity price components. To obtain the nation-wide self-consumption poten- tial, the results of a techno-economic optimization model on household system level are scaled up to all (semi-) detached houses in Germany. The additional PV feed-in remuneration and lacking contributions to the different taxes and levies are reallo- cated to the (remaining) electricity consumption from the grid. Changes in the reg- ulatory framework, such as the abolishment of feed-in tariffs, a self-consumption charge, and different allocation schemes for the grid charges, are examined. The results indicate that under the current regulatory framework conditions, less than one third of the potential electricity price increase stems from self-consumption, while remuneration through feed-in tariffs has a much higher impact. Furthermore, the effects of self-consumption on the electricity price seem to be higher with capac- ity-based grid charges, because the contributions of PV storage owners to the grid charges are reduced through peak shaving with battery storage systems. Our findings also show that policy makers can strongly influence PV feed-in and self-consump- tion levels, as well as the resulting electricity price. "
"Inverse modeling is a common method to predict electricity consumption in buildings. Residential building electricity consumption patterns can vary significantly due to occupants and their sporadic energy-consuming behaviors, as well as due to variations in HVAC system types and characteristics across climate zones. However most data-driven methods in this area have been developed and evaluated using limited datasets. This points to the need for an understanding of how well data-driven models perform using residential energy consumption data from a range of locations and home types using a diverse dataset. Thus in this research, first, inverse change-point modeling methods are used to develop predictive models of monthly electricity use for 3,643 houses in four U.S. cities in three ASHRAE climate zones (2A, 4A, 5A), to evaluate the model performance. However, approximately 40% of homes did not fit within recommended criteria for change-point model development following a common model development sequence. Therefore, a modified version of the sequence, including a segmented change-point model, is then developed and evaluated. Change-point models with relaxed prerequisite criteria are also used to enable the fitting of models to a larger number of homes’ data. As a result of these modifications, the number of homes with models increased from 60% to 71%, with a goodness-of-fit improvement of 13% (RMSE) and 8% (CV-RMSE) across the datasets evaluated. The results of this work enable improved prediction of energy use across a diversity of buildings and climate zones. "
"Electricity consumption behavior features can be represented by the load patterns extracted from daily load data clustering. Such representative load patterns should be updated because consumer behaviors may be changed over time. We propose a novel incremental clustering algorithm with probability strategy, known as ICluster-PS, to update load patterns without overall daily load curve clustering. Given the existed load patterns and new daily load data, the method first extracts new load patterns from new data, and then intergrades the existed load patterns with the new ones. Finally, an addition modification is performed on the intergraded sets to obtain the optimal updated load patterns. Several essential parameters are updated after this procedure so that the algorithm can be performed continuously. Extensive experiments are implemented on real-world dataset. The results are evaluated by both accuracy measures and clustering validity indices, which indicate that our method can provide an efficient response for electricity consumption patterns analysis to end consumers via smart meters or other facilities with resource constraints. "
"In this research, a reduced chemical kinetic mechanism was coupled in computational fluid dynamics (CFD) model to study the detailed influence mechanism of natural gas (NG) energy fraction on the diesel pilot ignition (DPI) NG engines. Based on the CFD model calibrated by experimental data, the impacts of NG energy fraction on the combustion and emission generation processes in DPI NG engine were investigated. The results show that, the start of combustion (SOC) in DPI NG engine is advanced as the NG energy fraction declines and the maximum advance comes up to 4.1°CA at 1000 rpm and 100% load. The deep analysis reveals that the positive influence of R342 on the temperature is the main reason for the shorter ignition delay. The 10_90% combustion duration increases first as the NG energy fraction changes from 50% to 60%, and then decreases if the NG energy fraction further increases. Furthermore, the combustion mode is changed from premixed combustion to non-premixed combustion with the NG energy fraction decreasing. For the emissions, the NOx emission drops with the decline of NG energy fraction, and the maximum decrease of NOx emission comes up to 0.96 mg/kJ at 1000 rpm and 100% load. The CO emission increases first and then decreases as the NG energy fraction rises from 50% to 90%."
"There was a rapid development of coal to synthetic natural gas (SNG) projects in the last few years in China. The research from our previous work and some other researchers have found coal based SNG pro- duction process has the problems of environmental pollution and emission transfer, including CO2 emis- sion, effluent discharge, and high energy consumption. This paper proposes a novel co-feed process of coal and coke-oven gas to SNG process by using a dry methane reforming unit to reduce CO2 emissions, more hydrogen elements are introduced to improve resource efficiency. It is shown that the energy effi- ciency of the co-feed process increases by 4%, CO2 emission and effluent discharge is reduced by 60% and 72%, whereas the production cost decreases by 16.7%, in comparison to the conventional coal to SNG pro- cess. As coke-oven gas is a waste gas in most of the coking plant, this process also allows to optimize the allocation of resources. "
"In this paper, we study an important variant of integrated unit commitment problem and gas network in which uncertain renewable energy resources, gas and electricity storage, the capability of line-pack of the gas network (gas stored in the pipeline), and Power to Gas (PtG) are taken into account. The motivation of this paper is to enhance the security of power generation and optimize both electrical and gas network operational cost. Uncertainty of renewable sources in a power system will inevitably increase the power system’s dependence on traditional gas power plants. As a result, the uncertainty of renewable sources is transferred to the gas network such that the fluctuations of the gas flow would increase. Gas and electricity storage, the capability of line-pack of gas network and the use of PtG technologies help us to manage the effect of renewable sources on electricity and gas network. Here, we formulate a mixed integer non-linear optimization model to present the integrated unit commitment problem. Given the complexity of the underlying problem, we explore the problem structure and propose a novel reformulation consisting of efficient decomposition and convexification techniques. Compared to existing methods whose quality are sensitive to initial solutions, the proposed model is more flexible and offers significant improvements in solution quality and efficiency. The proposed model is tested on a modified IEEE 24-Bus test system and Belgian 20-node gas system. "
"City gate stations receive high pressure natural gas and decrease the pressure by throttle valves. Con- current with the natural gas pressure reduction, the temperature also drops. Thus, to prevent blocking of the downstream pipeline by the liquid and solid particles, natural gas must be preheated before pressure reduction. Heaters utilized for preheating task, have a low thermal efficiency and consume a large amount of fuel. In addition to the high fuel consumption, they release a huge amount of CO2 into the atmosphere. Therefore, the present study proposes a new system for in-situ fuel consumption elimi- nation at these stations. It utilizes vertical ground-coupled heat pump system as a renewable source of energy to preheat natural gas stream. The system performance was studied at two different climatic conditions of Iran which have also two different natural gas compositions. Results show that the system is completely capable to eliminate in-situ fuel consumption of city gate stations; however, by considering indirect fuel consumption of electrical heat pumps, the system fuel consumption reduction potential was calculated over 65%. It is also able to reduce CO2 emission up to 79%. The discounted payback period is computed around two years, which proves the suitability of offered system. "
"This paper presents a new interpretable approach for multiple data streams clustering in a smart grid used for the improvement of forecasting accuracy of aggregated electric- ity consumption and grid analysis named ClipStream. Consumers time series streams are compressed and represented by interpretable features extracted from the clipped representation. The proposed representation has low computational complexity and is incremental in the sense of the windowing method. From the extracted features, outlier consumers can be simply and quickly detected. The clustering phase consists of three parts: clustering non-outlier representations, the aggregation of consump- tion within clusters, and unsupervised change detection procedure on aggregated time series streams windows. ClipStream behaviour and its forecasting accuracy improve- ment were evaluated on four different real datasets containing variable patterns of electricity consumption. The clustering accuracy with the proposed feature extraction method from the clipped representation was evaluated on 85 time series datasets from a large public repository. The results of experiments proved the stability of the proposed ClipStream in the sense of improving forecasting accuracy and showed the suitability of the proposed representation in many tested applications. "
"Achieving further reductions in building electricity usage requires a detailed characterization of elec- tricity consumption in homes. Understanding drivers of consumption can inform strategies for pro- moting conservation and efficiency. While there exist numerous approaches for modeling building energy demand, the use of regularization methods in statistical models can address challenges inherent to building energy modeling while also enabling more accurate predictions and better identification of variables that influence consumption. This paper applies five regularization techniques to regression models of original survey and electricity consumption data for more than one thousand households in California. It finds that of these, elastic net and two extensions of the lassodgroup lasso and adaptive lassodoutperform other approaches in terms of prediction accuracy and model interpretability. These findings contribute to methodological approaches for modeling energy consumption in buildings as well as to our understanding of key drivers of consumption. The paper shows that while structural factors predominate in explaining annual electricity consumption patterns, habitual actions taken to save energy in the home are important for reducing consumption while pro-environmental attitudes and energy literacy are not. Implications for improving building energy modeling and for informing demand reduction strategies are discussed in the context of the low-carbon transition. "
"To address the deterioration of bridges and buildings, we have developed a robot, HORNET, to inspect building walls. This robot travels on the wall surface using propellers with wheels on the wall. As the running duration is short on smooth surfaces, the cross- sectional shape of the rotor was designed to reduce the power consumption using two-dimensional numerical analysis using a genetic algorithm. Furthermore, we manufactured several kinds of rotors imitating birds and performed experiments to determine the ideal shape to reduce electricity consumption. Experiments were also conducted to evaluate the performance when the rotor was attached to HORNET. First, we developed HORNET's dynamic model and evaluated the performance by running a simulation on a route imitating the actual inspection route. Additionally, by installing a new rotor in HORNET, we evaluated the running performance on the up and down paths. "
"With the development of intelligent power technology, the prediction of users' electricity utilizes by relevant power enterprises tends to be meticulous gradually, and the accumulated data of users are various and large. On this basis of the users’ data, Subspace clustering is carried out according to the evaluation index of user's electricity consumption characteristics, and various kinds of user's electricity consumption patterns are obtained. According to the different electricity consumption patterns, the users are divided into groups, and the related factors are judged by mutual information matrix for different groups of users, and then the electricity consumption is predicted by multiple linear regression algorithm. This method proposed in this paper can cluster automatically according to the electricity characteristic index, and can effectively identify the power related factors of different user groups. The simulation results show that the proposed method has better prediction effect than the comparative algorithm. "
"Long-term electricity consumption (EC) forecasting is a very important part for the expansion planning of power system. Instead of point forecasting, based on fuzzy Bayesian theory and expert prediction, a novel long-term probability forecasting model is proposed to predict the Chinese per-capita electricity con- sumption (PEC) and its variation interval over the period 2010e2030. The special model structure can improve the reliability and accuracy of expert prediction through econometric methodology. It contains three components: fuzzy relation matrix, prior prediction, and fuzzy Bayesian formula. To contend with the long-term uncertainty, the prior prediction is implemented to combine the advantages of expert's experience with other time-based methods from the perspective of probability. With the utilization of fuzzy technique, the multiple effects of influencing factors (IFs) on PEC can be expressed as a fuzzy relation matrix. It can rule the results of prior prediction to obey the long-run equilibrium relationship of natural evolution thorough probability calibration. To demonstrate its efficiency and applicability, the result of this method is compared with that of other 6 approaches and 4 agencies. The case study shows that the proposed methodology has higher accuracy and adaptability. "
"To assess future challenges for the energy system, the transmission - and distribution grids, long-term projections of the spatial distribution of electricity consumption with an hourly resolution is impor- tant. Based on 2015 data from hourly meters in Denmark, we develop a model that converts national projections of the annual electricity consumption to projections of the hourly consumption in Danish municipalities. Due to different weights and consumption profiles for categories of customers, both the level and the hourly consumption profile differ between municipalities; also future changes will differ. To illustrate future changes, the latest official projection by the Danish Transmission System Operator is used, showing a moderate increase in classic consumption and a considerable increase in total con- sumption due to electrification of the heating and transport sectors. In addition, the projection includes a number of large datacentres. Electric vehicles and individual heat pumps will determine the future consumption profile in municipalities, while large datacentres mainly determine the level of con- sumption at specific nodes in the grid. That is, electric vehicles and heat pumps challenge both the energy system, the transmission and the local distribution grids, while large datacentres mainly chal- lenge the energy system and specific nodes in the overall transmission grid."
"Due to the rapid increase of the World’s primary energy demand of the last decades, low-temperature processes for the purification of natural gas streams with high carbon dioxide content has gained interest, since they allow to make profitable exploitation of low-quality gas reserves. Low temperature purifica- tion processes allow the direct production of a methane stream at high purity and at low-temperature, suitable conditions for the direct synergistic integration with natural gas cryogenic liquefaction pro- cesses, while CO2 is obtained in liquid phase and under pressure. In this way, it can be pumped for trans- portation, avoiding significant compression costs as for classical CO2 capture units (where carbon dioxide is discharged in gas phase and at atmospheric pressure), and further uses such as Enhanced Oil Recovery (EOR) or underground storage. In this paper, the three most common natural gas low-temperature purification techniques have been modelled and their performances have been evaluated through energy and exergy analyses. Specifically, the dual pressure low-temperature distillation process, the anti-sublimation process and a hybrid config- uration have been considered. It is found that the dual pressure low-temperature distillation scheme reach the highest thermodynamic performances, resulting in the best values of exergy efficiency and equivalent methane requirements with respect to the other configurations. This is mainly due to the dis- tributed temperature profile along a distillation column, resulting in a less irreversible heat exchanging process."
"A founding assumption and aim of the sociotechnical approach to sustainability transitions was the need to develop frameworks to understand major systemic changes that would be required across the entire chain of production, distribution and consumption. However, most studies have so far focused on partial aspects of the entire chain, often a single, radical technology innovation. Therefore, since the founding ambition remains largely unrealized, the paper aims to contribute to transition scholarship by developing an approach for ‘whole- system’ analysis. As a second contribution, we argue that this broader unit of analysis calls for greater attention to the architecture of the system in terms of how constituent elements are linked to one another. To elaborate this point, we develop a reconfiguration approach, based on conceptual extensions to the multi-level perspective, analysing both techno-economic developments and socio-institutional developments. This approach draws at- tention to the multiplicity and interdependencies of change processes that constitute transitions, including in- cremental change, component substitution, symbiotic add-ons, knock-on effects and changes to the system ar- chitecture. A third contribution is to make an empirical whole-system analysis of the low-carbon reconfiguration of the UK electricity system between 1990 and 2016. This is important and timely, because it allows socio- technical transition approaches to ‘speak’ at the same empirical whole-system level that dominates current long- term, low-carbon (modelling) analysis and associated political and public debate. This consequently enables a demonstration of the added value of the whole-system reconfiguration approach. Our findings show that early reconfiguration of the UK electricity system was dominated by modular changes within the generation and consumption subsystems; and more recently, how these earlier changes have triggered a new focus on the whole system architecture, anticipating deeper changes to the linkages between the generation, network and con- sumption subsystems. "
"A high penetration of variable renewable energy sources in an electricity generation mix leads to strong constraints on the whole system to ensure a continuous balance between electricity production and consumption. We have developed a new numerical methodology to quantify the relevance of several electricity storage devices that would provide the required flexibility. First of all, through a signal analysis (wavelet decomposition) of photovoltaic power (PV), wind power and load time series, we study and characterize the intermittency at different time scales. Then, each storage technology is evaluated for each time scale from an energy return on investment (EROI) standpoint. They are also compared with the possibility of curtailing excess electricity instead of storing it. The relevance of a given technology especially depends on its efficiency and embodied energy. For instance, we show that batteries are not appropriate for long term storage because of their high embodied energy. However, they are a good choice for short term applications with high cycle requirements because of their efficiency. We characterize the relevance of storage devices, their sensitivity to the production mix and to technological characteristics. We point out that satisfying the energy demand of exceptional events only with storage devices requires an over-sizing of the whole system. It underlines the complementarity of energy storage with dispatchable electricity sources. We eventually show that seasonal electricity storage is particularly difficult to ensure with a good energy return on investment. "
"Small commercial and industrial (CIS) electricity demand is an important category of electric energy consumption. Historically, it has received substantially less research attention than residential usage, potentially due to data constraints. This study seeks to partially fill that gap in the energy economics literature by employing a fairly unique data set for the El Paso, Texas, USA metropolitan economy that includes private capital stock estimates from 1978 through 2017. The empirical model is specified using a recently developed analytical framework based on duality theory and a derived input demand function. Parameter estimation is completed using an Autoregressive-distributed lag model and an error correction model. In the long-run, CIS customers in El Paso respond only to own-price and the quantity of capital stock per capita. In the short-run, CIS customers adjust their electricity usage in response to changes in all variables except for the price of electricity. The most unexpected result from this analysis is a short-run income elasticity of _0.32, indicating that CIS electricity usage decreases with economic expansion in El Paso, Texas. "
"During the process of storage and transportation of liquefied natural gas (LNG), boil off gas (BOG) is generated. The presence of BOG causes the rise of pressure of the storage tank, and makes the LNG receiving terminal have a large safety hazard, which needs to be condensed and recovered. BOG recondensation process is a high power-consumption process, and meanwhile LNG regasification process releases a large amount of cold energy, which can be used to generate electricity. In order to reduce the power consumption of BOG recondensation process, this paper proposes the idea of power generation using cold energy in LNG regasification process to drive the compressors and LNG pumps in BOG recondensation process. Firstly, the cold energy recovery potentials of four different BOG recondensation processes are determined through parameter analysis and power consumption comparison. Based on this, four BOG recondensation and LNG cold energy power generation integrated systems are proposed, and the parameters and working fluids of the integrated system are optimized. Results show that the power consumptions of the integrated systems are significantly lower than those of the original BOG recondensation systems at different BOG contents. In most cases, the proposed system can meet the power requirement of the BOG recondensation process, and at the same time has the ability to output electrical energy. The power reduction rate of the integrated system decreases as the BOG content in- creases. When the BOG content is 0.03, the power reduction rate can be up to 250%. When the BOG content is 0.15, the power reduction rate can be up to 120%. "
"The forecasting of energy and natural gas consumption is a topic that spans different temporal and spatial scales and addresses scenarios that vary significantly in consistency and extension. Therefore, although forecasting models share common aims, the specific scale at which each model has been developed strongly impacts its features and the parameters that are to be considered or neglected. There are models designed to handle time scales, such as decades, years, and months, down to daily or hourly models of consumption. Similarly, there are patterns of forecasted consumption that range from continents or groups of nations down to the most limited targets of single individual users, passing through all inter- mediate levels. This paper describes a model that is able to provide a short-term profile of the hourly heat demand of end-users of a District Heating Network (DHN). The simulator uses the hourly natural gas con- sumptions of large groups of users and their correlation with the outside air temperature. Next, a proce- dure based on standards for estimating the energy performance of buildings is defined to scale results down to single-user consumption. The main objective of this work is to provide a simple and fast tool that can be used as a component of wider models of DHNs to improve the control strategies and the manage- ment of load variations. The novelty of this work lies in the development of a plain algebraic model for predicting hourly heat demand based only on average daily temperature and historical data of natural gas consumption. Whereas aggregated data of natural gas consumption for groups of end users are measured hourly or even more frequently, the thermal demand is typically evaluated over a significantly longer time horizon, such as a month or more. Therefore, the hourly profile of a single user’s thermal demand is commonly unknown, and only long-term averaged values are available and predictable. With this model, used in conjunction with common weather forecasting services that reliably provide the average temperature of the following day, it is possible to predict the expected hourly heat demand one day in advance and day-by-day. "
"The electricity consumption forecasting is a critical component of the intelligent power system. And accurate monthly electricity consumption forecasting, as one of the the medium and long term electricity consumption forecasting problems, plays an important role in dispatching and management for electric power systems. Although there are many studies for this problem, large sample data set is generally required to obtain higher prediction accuracy, and the prediction performance become worse when only a little data is available. However, in practical, mostly we experience the problem of insufficient sample data and how to accurately forecast the monthly electricity consumption with limited sample data is a challenge task. The Holt-Winters exponential smoothing method often used to forecast periodic series due to low demand for training data and high accuracy for forecasting. In this paper, based on Holt-Winters exponential smoothing method, we propose a hybrid forecasting model named FOA-MHW. The main idea is that, we use fruit fly optimization algorithm to select smoothing parameters for Holt-Winters exponential smoothing method. Besides, electricity consumption data of a city in China is used to comprehensively evaluate the forecasting performance of the proposed model. The results indicate that our model can significantly improve the accuracy of monthly electricity consumption forecasting even in the case that only a small number of training data is available. "
"Due to advances in hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling, the abundance of inexpensive natural gas has revolutionized the energy industry. As the world population increases, natural gas will play a prominent role in satisfying new energy demands and transitioning society toward cleaner and more sustainable energy. Natural gas is a flexible energy resource that can be utilized for electric power generation, heating, transportation fuel, and synthesizing commodity chemicals. Given the numerous alternatives, a methodology for analyzing and optimizing natural gas utilization is necessary to construct efficient, reliable, affordable, and environmentally conscious natural gas systems. Multi-scale energy systems engineering is a holistic approach that considers the impact different spatial and temporal scales have toward the design and optimization of an overall energy system. Accurately capturing atomic, molecular, unit, process, and supply chain characteristics and their in- teractions are all important toward the optimal energy system design. We showcase the applicability of the multi-scale energy systems engineering for optimizing natural gas systems such as novel conversion technolo- gies, integrated processing plants, and supply chain networks. Without considering the effects of different scales in a systematic integrated way, we risk converging on suboptimal energy systems. "
"Energy security and the transformation of energy systems towards a sustainable energy supply are two central challenges with respect to planning the expansion of gas infrastructure. Taking the gas transmission system in Germany as an example, this work examines how the transformation of energy systems affects energy security in the long term (up to the year 2050) and why this should be taken into account when planning the expansion of transmission networks in the short to medium term. To achieve this, we use energy system modeling to derive scenario based future gas demands and our optimization model GASOPT to solve derived load flow problems. The results show how gas can act as a bridging energy source in the transformation of energy systems from a fossil-based to a renewable energy supply, as it produces comparatively less climate-damaging emissions than coal and oil. However, the gas demand decreases in both the energy transition scenario Energiewende (_55,0% by 2050 compared to 2015) and the current measures scenario Reference (_72,1%), leading to an increase in natural-gas-related energy security. This is understood as an interaction between import dependency, security of supply, and affordability. Load flow analyses of the current grid design considering lacking imports or empty gas storages with combined full load operation of gas fired power plants demonstrate the technical feasibility of challenging grid situations in the long term. Further significant transmission grid expansions should therefore be avoided, with freed-up transmission and storage capacity instead being used for other gaseous energy sources such as hydrogen or other gases. "
"Non-intrusive load monitoring (NILM) can infer the electricity consumption of individual target appliances by only collecting and analyzing the aggregate power data at the single power entrance point. This detailed information obtained is of great significance to smart grid operation and energy saving. For solving the problems of feature loss and training data acquisition in current deep neural network-based NILM methods, this paper presents an extended input neural network method using background-based data generation for estimating electricity consumption. First, the extended input method is proposed, which ensures a complete working cycle to be fed into the neural network each time. Then, a synthetic method, based on the power use background is used to generate abundant and desirable training data. Finally, the proposed methods are validated through comparison tests."
"Forecasting energy consumption is highly essential for strategic and operational planning. This study uses the Adaptive-Neuro-Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS) for a mid- term forecast of electricity consumption. The model comprises of three meteorological variables as inputs and electricity consumption as output. Two ANFIS models with two clustering techniques (Fuzzy c-Means (FCM) and Grid Partitioning (GP) were developed (ANFIS-FCM and ANFIS-GP) to forecast monthly energy consumption based on meteorological variables. The performance of each model was determined using known statistical metrics. This compares the predicted electricity consumption with the observed and a statistical significance between the two reported. ANFIS-FCM model recorded a better mean absolute deviation (MAD), root mean square (RMSE), and mean absolute percentage error (MAPE) values of 0.396, 0.738, and 8.613 respectively compared to the ANFIS-GP model, which has MAD, RMSE, and MAPE values of 0.450, 0.762, and 9.430 values respectively. The study established that FCM is a good clustering technique in ANFIS compared to GP and recommended a comparison between the two techniques on hybrid ANFIS model. "
"Per-capita electricity consumption in the Gulf region is one of the highest in the world due to high disposable incomes, year-long need to air conditioning, and energy subsidies. Electrical consumption data and load profiles of major household appliances are crucial elements for demand response programs which aim to reduce electricity consumption. In this study, we choose three typical villa-type accommodation in the State of Qatar and deployed multiple smart energy monitors to gain insights about energy consumption patterns. Measurement study covered the first five months of 2019 and the data is recorded at every five minutes. Electricity bills of all houses are subsidized by their employees, hence, results provide an opportunity to reveal the impacts of subsidies on consumption patterns. The analyses show that air conditioning (AC) and water heater loads are the major electricity consumers and significant demand savings can be achieved by introducing applications for them. To the best of author’s knowledge, this is the first study conducted in the Gulf region that presents the measurement of appliance-level electricity consumption. "
"This modeling comparison exercise looks at the global consequences of increased shale gas production in the U.S. and increased gas demand from Asia. We find that differences in models' theoretical construct and assumptions can lead to divergences in their predictions about the consequences of U.S. shale gas boom. In general, models find that U.S. High Shale Gas scenario leads to increased U.S. production, lower global gas prices, and lower gas production in non-U.S. regions. Gas demand in Asia alone has little effects on U.S. production; but together with the shale gas boom, the U.S. can have a large export advantage. Overall, models find U.S. exports level range from 0.06 to 13.7 trillion cubic feet (TCF) in 2040. The comparison of supply, demand, and price changes in response to shocks reveals important differences among models. First is how the demand shocks were imple- mented and how the model responds to shocks: static and elastic within each time period vs. endogenous to the long-term gross domestic product (GDP) growth. Second is how the supply response is expressed through fuel/technology substitutions, particularly the flexibility of cross-fuel substitution in the power sector. Identifying these differences is important in understanding the model's insights and policy recommendations. "
"Tough environmental regulations, intense competition, expensive fossil energy use, and the strong growth predictions of the natural gas market have prompted efforts to retrofit the existing purification processes to reduce their energy requirements. The important goals of retrofit design are to analyze, evaluate and propose suitable technologies to improve the energy efficiency and/or increase the capacity. This paper reports the results of a techno-economic feasibility study to retrofit a natural gas liquid (NGL) fractionation process. A novel hybrid system, side reboiler and heat pump-assisted, thermally-coupled distillation sequence to maximize the energy efficiency, was proposed. Fractional utilization of the area was used as a hydraulic performance indicator to determine if a bottleneck occurs in a retrofit design. A modified coordinate descent methodology was employed to solve the optimization problem. As a result, the modified coordinate descent methodology was successful in finding the optimal proposed sequence structure and the operating variables, which resulted in operating cost savings of 44.55% compared to the representative base case. The short payback period of 14 months and reduced CO2 emissions of up to 42.05% showed that the proposed sequence is an attractive option for retrofitting in industrial imple- mentation. This sequence can be employed for both grass-root and retrofit designs. This study also showed that even the heat pump can reduce the energy requirements significantly, and may have higher exergy loss than the existing conventional distillation columns. "
"Oxy-fuel combustion is considered one of the most promising technologies for carbon capture and storage (CCS) in power plant. The working fluid, which is composed of CO2 and H2O, is obligatory to moderate the combustion temperature in oxy-fuel systems. The content of H2O in the working fluid has a significant influence on system performance. An original oxy-fuel power plant with the utilization of liquefied natural gas (LNG) cold energy is proposed, and the H2O content in the working fluid is adjustable in the work. The results reveal that when the H2O mass fraction is less than 0.3, the system efficiency increases with the increase of the H2O content in the working fluid. When the H2O mass fraction in the working fluid rises over 0.3, the system efficiency decreases with the increase of H2O content due to the decrease of the recycling heat carried by H2O. The optimum heat transfer effect of the recirculating H2O is obtained when the H2O mass fraction is 0.3, and the optimal thermal efficiency is 58.3%. Compared to dry cycle, the thermal efficiency of the proposed system is increased by 17.3% under the optimum condition. "
"The combined natural gas, cooling, heating and power joint supply (CNCHP) microgrid of an industrial park has the advantages of cascaded use of energy, which can effectively improve energy efficiency and reduce pollutant emissions. In this paper, the optimal energy flow calculation model of CNCHP microgrid is established. Minimizing the total running cost of the microgrid is as the objective function, and the network operation characteristics of the cooling network, heating network, power supply network and gas supply network is considered. The model includes the loss characteristics and security operation constraints of various types of energy networks, and the obtained optimal operation schedule can meet the actual operational requirements of the microgrid. Taking a CNCHP microgrid of an industrial park as an example, the correctness and validness of the proposed optimal calculation model are verified. The results show that the optimal operation scheme of the CNCHP microgrid can effectively reduce the operating cost and improve the energy efficiency."
"With the development of society and economy, the global energy problem has become increasingly critical. Methods for time of use electricity tariffs have been introduced to balance the demand for resource and increase the energy efficiency in manufacturing industry. The scheduling tariffs have been introduced to balance the demand for resource and increase the energy efficiency in manufacturing industry. The scheduling problem for flexible flow shop in the environment of TOU is studied in this paper. An energy consumption model of machine tools is established which involves the processing energy, standby energy and set-up energy for a detailed description of electricity cost in shop-floor. established which involves the processing energy, standby energy and set-up energy for a detailed description of electricity cost in shop-floor. The Improved Strength Pareto Evolutionary Algorithm is employed in which a novel gene encoding considering processing sequence, machine tool and processing time simultaneously is proposed to obtain the Pareto Front of the makespan and electricity cost. A case study is presented and the result shows that the proposed method is applicable for trade-off of electricity cost and delivery time for the purpose of enhanced energy efficiency. "
"In this paper, a novel approach is proposed to optimize the behavior of household appliances towards retail electricity price. At the supply-side, a distributed generation-owning retailer participates in the wholesale electricity market, i.e. day-ahead and intraday trading floors. Considering the uncertainties associated with electricity price and wind/solar power, the retailer determines the retail price using stochastic programming. At the demand-side, smart household prosumers take the advantage of two kinds of storage capacities: (1) thermal storage capacity of thermostatic devices and (2) electrical storage capacity of batteries integrated with roof-top photovoltaic panels. The Home Energy Management System (HEMS) determines the operational strategies of appliances, including thermostatically controlled, uninterruptible and curtailable appliances, in response to the retail price. The HEMS uses a heuristic Forward-Backward Algorithm (F-BA) to minimize the energy cost of the thermal appliances satisfying the residents’ comfort. To prevent from creating peak demands in the power system, a Peak Flattening Scheme (PFS) is suggested. Investigating the interaction between household con- sumption and network security, the household demands are located at different buses of a distribution network relieving congestion in weak lines. Finally, the proposed approach is implemented as a case for Danish sector of Nordic Electricity Market. "
"This paper presents a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) formulation to optimize the Security Constrained Unit Commitment problem, integrating three areas: electrical, hydraulic, and natural gas. The model considers thermal generation from natural gas units and other fossil fuel units, hydraulic generation, pumped storage units, hydraulic head effects for the generation and pumping modes, power flow transmission constraints, natural gas supply and transportation, gas flows in single pipelines and pipelines with compressors, and line-pack for gas pipelines. The original model is hard to solve due to nonconvexities and nonlinearities of several constraints, but with the application of correct linearization techniques, accurate MILP models can be efficiently obtained and solved. The proposed MILP model differs from most of other approaches available in the literature in that it applies to several types of power generation, and includes a large number of real char- acteristics of the integrated system. A modified IEEE 31-bus with 2 pumped stations and 7-node natural gas system is presented to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed model; test cases are solved by commercial package Gurobi. Test results indicate that the proposed approach provides feasible solutions with convenient CPU times. The obtained results are discussed and analyzed through simple graphs."
"The gasification process of liquified natural gas (LNG) releases a significant amount of cold energy. Traditional vaporizers release cold energy directly into the environment, resulting in energy wastage. In this study, a novel type of vaporizer with a thermoelectric generator (VTEG) that combines an air-heated vaporizer and thermo- electric power generation technology is designed. The heat transfer and generation characteristics of the VTEG are analyzed based on the modeling and calculations. The results reveal that compared with the traditional vaporizer, the outer wall temperature of the VTEG increases by 18.4_35.6 K, which mitigates the frosting pro- blem on the surface of the vaporizer. When the fluid is in the liquid-phase and two-phase region, the generation efficiency is maintained between 1.57% and 2.12%. In the gas-phase region, a gradual decrease in the generation efficiency is observed in accordance with an increase in the natural gas temperature. Moreover, the low gen- eration efficiency of the VTEG can be attributed to the low natural convection heat transfer coefficient outside the tube. An increase in tube length first results in an increase in the output power of the VTEG, which then decreases. An optimal tube length exists at which the VTEG output power is maximum value. In addition, the influence of the flow on the single-phase regions is more significant, wherein an approximately linear increase in the optimal tube length and maximum output power occur in accordance with an increase in the flow. Therefore, suitable selection of tube length of the VTEG is very important. "
The study analyzed electricity theft through a three layered principal-agent-client model. The factors that en- trench corruption and theft are its beneficial features of lowering the cost of electricity for the consumers and generating private illegal incomes for the corruptible employees. We show that an individual steals electricity only if the subjective pecuniary gains are higher than the associated costs e.g. fine imposed in case of detection or dismissal from job. The study finds that efficiency wages along with higher deterrence and active consumer involvement in reporting the crime can help in combating corruption and pilferage in electricity sector. 
"High-frequency and unit-level consumption data collected by smart meters makes accurate and short-term predictions of sectoral electricity demand possible. To facilitate electricity market pricing, load management and demand response, models handling such high-dimensional data-sets are expected to realize effective variable selection, accurate prediction and, in the meantime, retain the economic mechanisms as much as possible. This paper attempts to propose a complex network based on a variable selection model that retains the causality relationships among the most relevant sectors and can achieve prediction accuracy that is comparable to other data-driven models. A dataset containing 266,000 industrial and commercial firms in Shanghai is employed to develop a complex network relying on Granger causality and correlation coefficients. Dominant nodes are se- lected based on a Planar Maximally Filtered Graph algorithm and then serve as explanatory variables in the linear regression model. Further comparison with LASSO, PCA and Ridge regression shows that this model can successfully realize dimension reduction but maintain significant economic mechanisms, and achieving unbiased estimation and acceptable accuracy. "
"We demonstrate exceptional performance for steam electrolysis at intermediate temperatures (500_650 1C) using protonic ceramic electrolyte cells comprised of the proton-permeable, high-activity mixed conductor PrBa0.5Sr0.5Co1.5Fe0.5O5+d (PBSCF) as the air electrode, the highly proton-conductive and chemically stable perovskite oxide BaZr0.4Ce0.4Y0.1Yb0.1O3 (BZCYYb4411) as the electrolyte, and a composite of Ni_BZCYYb4411 as the fuel electrode. Cells constructed from this material set have been shown previously to function efficiently in fuel cell mode. We demonstrate here reversible operation, enabling hydrogen production when excess electricity is available and immediate electricity generation from stored hydrogen when power demand is high. The cells are stable under cyclic operation and also under prolonged continuous operation in electrolysis mode, undergoing minimal loss in electrochemical characteristics after 500 h at 550 1C. Microstructurally optimized cells yield a remarkable current density of __1.80 A cm__2 at 600 1C and an operating voltage of 1.3 V, of which, based on an electrochemically deduced faradaic efficiency of 76%, __1.37 A cm__2 contributes to useful hydrogen. "
"Variable renewable electricity sources have been shown to reduce wholesale electricity market prices. This is expected to reduce the incentive for investments in new electricity production capacity, and might even make these investments infeasible, if relying only on the income from trade on the current electricity market para- digms. In this paper, a novel approach for quantifying this effect in future energy systems is developed using a holistic energy system approach. The approach is applied to the case of Denmark in 2015, which is part of the Nordic and Baltic wholesale electricity market Nord Pool Spot. A holistic energy system model is created and verified according to both the Danish energy balance and the Nord Pool Spot system price in 2015. Using this verified model, the Nord Pool Spot system price is quantified at increasing amounts of onshore wind power, offshore wind power and photovoltaic in Denmark. It is found that regardless of which variable renewable electricity source is implemented, including a combination of the three, the Nord Pool Spot system price de- creases as the amount of energy produced by these sources increases, and this effect occurs immediately as more is introduced "
"Electricity accounts for 25% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Reducing emissions related to electricity consumption requires accurate measurements readily available to consumers, regulators and investors. In this case study, we propose a new real-time consumption-based accounting approach based on flow tracing. This method traces power flows from producer to consumer thereby representing the underlying physics of the electricity system, in contrast to the traditional input-output models of carbon accounting. With this method we explore the hourly structure of electricity trade across Europe in 2017, and find substantial differences between production and consumption intensities. This emphasizes the importance of considering cross-border flows for increased transparency regarding carbon emission accounting of electricity. "
"The high energy consumption requirements of the post-combustion CO2 capture (PCC) process of a natural gas combined cycle (NGCC) power plant will result in a significant reduction in power generation efficiency, and the energy integration of the system can effectively reduce power plant efficiency penalties. However, the existence of a large amount of low-temperature waste heat in NGCC power plant is difficult to utilize due to its low temperature. In this paper, the integration of LNG cold energy with NGCC power plant with PCC process is proposed. For the 391 MW NGCC plant with MEA-based PCC system, the impact of the exhaust gas recirculation (EGR) process is firstly considered and a basic case of 35% EGR is obtained. Then the internal energy integration of the NGCC + PCC + EGR system (case 1) reveals that there are a large number of different temperature waste heat sources in the system, and then the dual-pressure ORC is integrated into the system for energy integration (case 2). Finally, in order to integrate the low temperature waste heat that has not yet been utilized and recover the cold energy of LNG, the LNG and the two-stage condensation Rankine cycle are integrated with case 2. The results show that the net power output of case 3 is 17.55 MW higher than that of NGCC + PCC + EGR system, the total efficiency is increased by 2.51%, and the efficiency penalty is reduced to 7.9%. It can be seen that the combination of LNG cold energy and NGCC power plant can effectively improve the power generation efficiency and reduce the energy penalty. "
"Although China's economy has rapidly increased these years, there still exists an imbalance between developments in different regions. The income of some rural areas is still significantly below the international average level. In order to seek measures to promote rural residents' income growth, this paper used the panel data model to explore the industrial electricity big data considering its timeliness and accuracy, seeking the correlation between electricity consumption and economic development. The study found that the relationship between net income and electricity consumption is strong and could be depicted properly by the panel data model. The study also found that in most poor provinces in China, the income of rural residents was significantly positively correlated with agricultural development, business development and household electricity consumption, however, it was negatively correlated with industrial development. These features provide guidance for policy implementation by government. In addition, the prediction accuracy of the panel model is better than most of machine learning models, due to consideration of the tendency of macroeconomic variables over time. "
"The residential electricity demand in Taiwan was investigated using survey data of 7677 households between 2014 and 2017. Right-skewed regression models were employed to study key determinants affecting the household and appliance-specific electricity consumption. Appliances covered air conditioner, lighting, televi- sion, and refrigerator. The difference of electricity consumption between appliances with and without energy efficiency label was also studied; thus rebound effects were obtained. The estimated results indicate that household income, indoor floor area, and owning the house had positive influences on electricity consumption. Electricity consumption behavior was different among age groups and appliances. Moreover, rebound effect was large for air conditioner and refrigerator in Taiwan. "
"Natural gas is the cleanest burning fossil fuel and has been identified as a strong candidate for energy resource compared to oil and coal. Natural gas hydrate is an energy resource for methane that has a car- bon quantity twice more than all fossil fuels combined and is distributed evenly around the world. Sev- eral field trials on energy production from hydrate resources have been conducted, and their outcomes revealed the possibility of energy production from hydrate resources. In this paper, we review various studies on resource potential of natural gas hydrate, the current research progress in laboratory settings, and several recent field trials. Possible limitation in each production method and the challenges to be addressed for large scale production are discussed in detail. Whilst there are no technology stoppers to exploit or produce methane from hydrates, specific technological breakthroughs will depend on the effec- tive management of the sand and water during production, as well as the appropriate mitigation of envi- ronmental risks. "
"This paper revisits the interaction between electricity consumption, real gross domestic product, and carbon dioxide emissions in Pakistan. To this end, our study relies on annual data from 1971 to 2014 for the econometric analysis while accounting for structural break(s). According to the Maki cointegration test, a cointegration equilibrium relationship exists among electricity consumption, economic growth, and carbon dioxide emissions. The empirical findings from Toda-Yamamoto causality test provided the following insights: (i) unidirectional causality was found running from economic growth to electricity consumption. Thus, this study validates the conservative hypothesis, meaning that in Pakistan, conservative energy strategies cannot harm economic progress. (ii) Causality was also found running from electricity consumption to carbon dioxide emissions. This implies that industrial activities trigger an increase in carbon emissions flaring which in return translates into environmental degradation. This outcome has inherent policy implications which are further discussed in the conclusion section. "
"With growing urbanization, it has become necessary to manage this growth smartly. Specifically, increased electrical energy consumption has become a rapid urbanization trend in China. A building model based on a neural network was proposed to overcome the difficulties of analytical modelling. However, increased amounts of data, repetitive computation, and training time become a limitation of this approach. A simplified model can be used instead of the full order model if the performance is acceptable. In order to select effective data, Mean Impact Value (MIV) has been applied to select meaningful data. To verify this neural network method, we used real electricity consumption data of a shopping mall in China as a case study. In this paper, a Bayesian Regularization Neural Network (BRNN) is utilized to avoid overfitting due to the small amount of data. With the simplified data set, the building model showed reasonable performance. The mean of Root Mean Square Error achieved is around 10% with respect to the actual consumption and the standard deviation is low, which reflects the model’s reliability. We also compare the results with our previous approach using the Levenberg_Marquardt back propagation (LM-BP) method. The main difference is the output reliability of the two methods. LM-BP shows higher error than BRNN due to overfitting. BRNN shows reliable prediction results when the simplified neural network model is applied. "
"Nighttime light (NTL) data from the Defense Meteorological Satellite Program/Operational Linescan System (DMSP/OLS) provide information on nighttime luminosity, a correlation of built environment and energy consumption. This research intends to estimate spatial distribution of electricity consumption (EC) in mainland China, and analyze the temporal and spatial change of electricity consumption during 2000_2012. Nighttime light vegetation index (NVI), ratio nighttime light vegetation index (RNVI), difference nighttime light vegetation index (DNVI), normalized differ- ence nighttime light vegetation index (NDNVI), soil adjusted nighttime light vegetation index (SANVI), and modified difference nighttime light vegetation index (MDNVI) were used to compensate for shortages in DMSP/OLS data. Moderate resolution imaging spectroradiometer (MODIS) NDVI products, China GIS database, and socio- economic statistical data were also considered. An EC estimation model was used to obtain EC during 2000_2012. We divided EC into four ratings and analyzed spatio- temporal patterns using exploratory spatial data analysis tools (e.g., Moran’s I and local indicators of spatial association-LISA statistics). Then we built a linear regression model of EC, and correlated with DMSP/OLS data to produce China’s EC spatially. We used mean relative error (MRE) to compare our results and related research outcomes. Our result showed lower MRE, i.e., superior accuracy. EC grew quickly in China from 2000 to 2012 increasing from 6.79 to 14.82 M kWh. Generating capacity and EC of 32 provinces, municipalities and autonomous regions have a strong spatial correlation. The proposed index combines information from DMSP/OLS NTL data and MODIS NDVI data for more detailed characterization of nighttime luminosity, and reduced NTL saturation. The index simplicity enables rapid characterization and monitoring of EC."
"Nowadays, the electric power system and natural gas network are becoming increasingly coupled and interdependent. A harmonized integration of natural gas and electricity network with bi-directional energy conversion is expected to accommodate high penetration levels of renewables in terms of system flexibility. This work focuses on the steady-state analysis of the integrated natural gas and electric power system with bi-directional energy conversion. A unified energy flow formulation is developed to describe the nodal balance and branch flow in both systems and it is solved with the Newton_Raphson method. Both the unification of units and the per-unit system are proposed to simplify the system description and to enhance the computation efficiency. The applicability of the proposed method is demonstrated by ana- lyzing an IEEE-9 test system integrated with a 7-node natural gas network. Later, time series of wind power and power load are used to investigate the mitigation effect of the integrated energy system. At last, the effect of wind power and power demand on the output of Power to Gas (P2G) and gas-fired power generation (GPG) has also been investigated. "
"A full understand of the influential mechanism concerning electricity consumption has a crucial political reference significance for the implementation of energy conservation and consumption reduction pol- icies. To solve the lack of correlation between the empirical results of the research regions in present researches, this paper takes China's electricity consumption from 1995 to 2016 as the research subject, uses Multi-period ST-LMDI model by setting a unified reference province as a benchmark for different regions in China to completely decompose the changes in China's electricity consumption, and further analyzes the influence mechanism of China's electricity consumption changes by combining the char- acteristics of the departments and regions. As the result, it's found that the economic growth has a strong impetus for power consumption while the technological progress can effectively curb it. Meanwhile, results of studying electricity consumption from the perspective of industry and region show that the economic structure and consumption intensity have obviously different influences in the eastern, central and western regions. So when it comes to formulate the policy for electricity development and reform, the characteristics of industrial structure as well as the regional differences must be taken into consideration. "
"As the green energy of urban bus, liquefied natural gas (LNG) is used more and more widely, which has played an important role in solving the urban pollution. An urban bus is chosen as the research object, the construction of its LNG fuel modification and the project design of its cold energy recovery are studied in the paper. The power and economy tests are carried out after the modification for the urban bus, and the referential results are obtained for the modification of in-used urban bus. "
"This study considers the response of household electricity con- sumption to social nudges during peak load events. Our investi- gation considers two social nudges. The first targets conservation during peak load events, while the second promotes aggregate conservation. Using data from a natural field experiment with 42,100 households, we find that both social nudges reduce peak load electricity consumption by 2 to 4% when implemented in isolation and by nearly 7% when implemented in combination. These findings suggest an important role for social nudges in the regulation of electricity markets and a limited role for crowd out effects. "
"One of the main challenges in multi-chill system issues by considering the uncertainty of cooling demand is total energy consumed and energy buying cost. Therefore, it is necessary to optimize power consumption in these issues. This paper provides a robust optimization method with uncertainty modeling in multi-chiller systems to obtain accurate planning. It should be noted that one of the energy supply sources for multi chiller system is photovoltaic system (in addition to the network). In order to improve cooling demand profile, using demand response program, demand levels are shifted through peak periods of energy consumption to low consumption periods. In this work, the minimization of energy procurement cost of multi-chiller systems from the upstream network is assumed as a target function, taking into account demand response of cooling and uncertainty de- mand. Also, the effect of cooling demand response on two robust and deterministic strategies has been in- vestigated. Achieved results depict, risk-averse method through robust method is robust against cooling re- quirement uncertainty, contrasting to risk-neutral method through deterministic approach. In addition, the cost of supplying energy of multi-chiller systems from solar systems is reduced by using the demand response pro- gram in both of mentioned methods. "
"The aim of this study was to analyze the impact of 900 VA electricity tariff adjustments on household consumptionpatternsinEastBorneo.Thispolicypotentiallyincreasedthepoverty,consideringthat in the last few years, East Borneo had experienced a contraction in economic growth. The analysis of this study used the Linear Approximation of Almost Ideal Demand System (LA/ AIDS), and the concept of elasticity to reach the objectives of this study using Susenas in 2016 and 2017. The results of the analysis showed that the policy indirectly had more impact on all residential electricity customers rather than on 900 VA and above customers. The residential electricity customers would generally be more responsive to reduce the non-staple consumption in addition to respond the subsidies revocation, compared to 900 VA and above users. This circumstance was certainly related to the economic condition of 900 VA and above residential electricity customers who were more capable, so the food needs were no longer a household staple. Meanwhile, the middle economic households would continue to maintain the nutritional status of the household by continuing to consume high protein food sources (fish / meat / eggs / milk). Meanwhile, based on the type of region, the revocation of 900 VA subsidies and the increase in household non-subsidized tariffs for rural was more responsive than urban households. This was understandable since the level of electricity dependence of the urban community was quite high than the rural area. "
"This mixed-methods study examined the impacts of shale natural gas energy development (SGD) related ac- tivities upon outdoor recreation in Pennsylvania. Much of the ongoing and proposed SGD infrastructure in Pennsylvania is located either within or adjacent to public lands, waters, and protected areas, raising concerns about the potential environmental and social impacts upon recreation stakeholders. The extensive body of SGD research within the United States has suggested there are numerous positive and negative impacts upon the general public. Yet, the impact of SGD upon outdoor recreation users remains unclear. While SGD impacts are becoming progressively evident to both recreationists and natural resource managers, few studies have sought to specifically assess the extent to which SGD alters outdoor recreation behaviors, experiences, and activities. This statewide survey of Pennsylvanians (n = 2240) found that 23.4% of respondents had encountered SGD related activities while participating in outdoor recreation. Study findings also noted that 13.8% of respondents had changed their outdoor recreation behaviors or experiences as a result of encountering SGD related activities. Moreover, a sub-sample, representing 12.3% of respondents, identified specific SGD related impacts (e.g., aes- thetic, environmental, infrastructure) upon their outdoor recreation behaviors, experience, and activities which sometimes resulted in substitution behaviors and/or a lack of perceived ‘fit’ between the energy development and the landscape and environment. From a policy and management standpoint, study findings highlight the specific and nuanced impacts of SGD upon certain sub-populations of outdoor recreationists as well as the importance of assessing and communicating recreation experience and use impacts to all recreationists when planning, developing, and managing SGD and related decisions in the United States. Management Implications: This study found that only a small population of Pennsylvania outdoor recreationists were impacted by SGD related activities. In the regions of Pennsylvania where SGD was most prominent (e.g., North Central and Southwest), outdoor recreation impacts were considerably higher. Moreover, a sub-sample of re- spondents found that SGD impacted their outdoor recreation behaviors, their in situ recreation experiences, and/or the environmental setting and landscape in which they recreated. Study findings suggest a two-tiered communication approach, accounting for perceptions of both behavioral and/or landscape environmental quality impacts, may be the most comprehensive strategy for addressing and communicating the impacts of SGD upon outdoor recreationists. "
"Hybrid systems are receiving more and more attention due to their higher efficiencies compared with standalone systems. Higher efficiencies mean lower consumption of fuels and as a result lower envi- ronmental problems. In this paper, a hybrid system consists of a transcritical carbon dioxide cycle and a liquefied natural gas cycle is proposed to recover the waste heat produced in a proton exchange membrane fuel cell. A complete sensitivity analysis is performed on the system considering five key parameters, namely operating temperature of fuel cell, CO2 turbine inlet temperature, CO2 turbine inlet pressure and pinch temperature of condenser and preheater. Also to achieve the highest possible energy efficiency, an optimization technique is applied on the system. The results showed that using the pro- posed system, generated power of the system increases by 39% compared with a standalone fuel cell. Also its efficiency reached to 72% after optimization, while it was equal to 39% before using the waste heat recovery system. "
"The renewable electricity-driven electroreduction of carbon dioxide (CO2) offers an alternative pathway to producing carbon chemicals that are traditionally manufactured using fossil fuels. Typical CO2 electroreduction approaches couple cathodic CO2 reduction with the anodic oxygen evolution reaction (OER), resulting in approximately 90% of the electricity input being con- sumed by the OER. Here, we explore alternatives to the OER and show that the anodic electro-oxidation of glycerol (a byprod- uct of industrial biodiesel and soap production) can lower electricity consumption by up to 53%. This reduces the process’s operating costs and carbon footprint, thus opening avenues for a carbon-neutral cradle-to-gate process even when driven by grid electricity (~13% renewables today), as well as economical production of the 12-electron products ethylene and ethanol. This study may thus serve as a framework for the design of CO2 electroreduction processes with low electricity requirements, enhancing their CO2 utilization potential and economic viability. "
"This paper presents steady-state and transient models and optimization of natural gas liquefaction using Aspen HYSYS. Steady-state exergy and heat exchanger efficiency analyses summarize the performance of several potential systems. Transient analyses of the optimal steady-state model produced most of the results discussed here. These results pertain to LNG (liquefied natural gas) generally and to an energy storage process associated with CCC (cryogenic carbon captureTM) in which the LNG process plays a prominent role specifically. The energy storage CCC process influences the time constants and magni- tudes of the flow rate characteristics. These flowrate variations affect all units, especially compressors and heat exchangers. The proposed process controls temperatures, pressures and other operating pa- rameters. K-value- and U-value-techniques guide flowrate and heat exchanger stream variations. Tran- sient responses to both ramping and step-changes in flow rates indicate process responses, including summary effects represented in transient efficiency graphs. "
"A variable refrigerant flow system for a building includes a plurality of indoor unit, an outdoor meter, and a variable refrigerant flow management system. The plurality of indoor units configured to generate activation requests. The first outdoor unit is configured to receive the activation requests and, in response to the activation requests, provide a refrigerant to the plurality of indoor units. The outdoor meter is configured to provide an outdoor unit electricity consumption measurement. The variable refrigerant flow management system is configured to receive  the outdoor unit electricity consumption measurement and activation data indicating the activation requests and apportion an outdoor share of the outdoor electricity consumption measurement to each of the plurality of indoor units based on the activation data."
"The rapid growth of household electricity consumption is threatening the sustainable development of China’s economy and environment because of its impacts on the operation efficiency of the electric power system. To recognize the driving factors of the consumption growth and offer policy implications, based on the consumption-related data of 2015 and 2016, this research used the rank sum ratio (RSR) method to divide China’s 30 provinces into 5 groups and a logarithmic mean Divisia index (LMDI) algorithm to decompose the composition growth of each group into the quantitative contribution of each driving factor. The following conclusions were drawn from the empirical analysis. (1) The Yangtze basin is the most vigorous region of consumption growth and should be principally monitored. (2) Climate conditions have a remarkable impact on consumption growth and should be a key consideration when making differentiated household electricity policies. (3) The rebound effect has already appeared in a few of the most developed regions. Electricity price is an effective measure in dealing with this effect. (4) The improvement of the income level is the most important driving factor for consumption growth. (5) For provinces with high growth vitality, the change in the burden level of electricity expenditure prompts consumption growth. However, for provinces with low growth vitality, the situations are opposite. (6) The impacts of electricity price and population on consumption growth are negligible. "
